# Oil Industry Asks Closer Supervision
## 
### 
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
TULSA, Okla., Jan. 3 (UP).—Con
servation of America's petroleum re
sources by ellicient proration of pro
duction will be the principal plan!
in the 1938 platform of the nation'
14-billion-dollar oil industry, a sur
vey showed today.

Until recently the British foreign
office had an iron-clad rule that no
one could apply for appointment
without a private income of $1500
a year.
