# Makeshift Trapeze Strangles Child
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 3 (UP).—
"i 'velve-year-old Phillips Johnson,
Jr., died today doing the thing he
loved and which never failed to en
tertain his younger sister and broth
er — playing a circus trapeze per
former.
Taking a last look before she went
to bed, to sec if the three children
were safe and asleep, his mother
found Phillips dead on the floor,
strangled by a 'makeshift" trapeze
belt.
