# Chappie Asks Row To Submit Stories
## 
### 
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
'Stanford Chaparral's next issue
will deal with the fraternities and
sororities and their rushing, accord
ing to an announcement made re
cently by Editor Bob Hartmann.
Men and women on the Row are
requested to submit articles about
their lives and rushing; contribu
tions from freshmen will gladly be
accepted. Copy deadline is Friday.
There will also be a photographic
section composed mainly of pictures
taken for Chappie's photographic
contest which closes Friday. The
best pictures will be awarded prizes
by the Camera Shop in Palo Alto.
