# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
MISTY
Is how we feel if we
forget to write an ad
about
JOHNNY MATHIS
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
