# Grants Available
## 
### 
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
JNSF
Over $2.5 million will be award
ed in fellowships to graduate and
postdoctoral science students dur
ing the 1960-61 academic year by
the National Science Foundation.
Any college senior, graduate or
postdoctoral student in science
may apply for the fellowships,
which will be awarded solely on
the basis of ability.
Deadline for graduate appliea

11 ions is January 1, 1960, and for
I postdoctoral students, December
22, 1959. Application materials
and further information may be
obtained from the Fellowship Of
fice, National Academy of Sci
ences-National Research Council,
2101 Constitution Ave., N.W.,
Washington 25, D.C.
Dan tor ill
The Danforth Foundation, an
educational foundation located in
| St. Louis, Missouri, invites ap
plications for the ninth class
(19601 of the Danforth Graduate
Fellows from senior men and re
cent graduates who are prepar
ing for a career of college teach
ing and are planning to enter
graduate school in September of
1960.
The grants are for the first
year of graduate study. The
foundation welcomes applicants
from the areas of the Natural and
Biological Sciences, Social Sci
ences.
