# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
Lagunita announces the en
gagement of Judy Blair, '60, u
Bob Steeneck, '59.
