# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Margaret Ann
Harrington, '61. to Conrad Smed
ley Ambler, '61.
