# Arizona Murderer Confesses Killings
## 
### 
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 14 (UP).—
Robert M. Burgunder, Jr., today
confessed to County Attorney Rich
ard Harless and a court reporter
that he killed Jack Peterson and
Ellis Koury, automobile salesmen.
Burgunder was placed in the county
jail after Harless and Sheriff Lon
Jordan brought him back from
Knoxville, Tenn.
Sheriff Jordan said the youth, a
student of the Arizona State Teach
ers College at Tempe, finally ad
mited the killings as they neared
Phoenix at the end of their cx-oss
country trip. He had denied his
guilt before although two first de
gree murder charges had been
filed against him.
