# New Union Annex Nears Completion
## 
### 
Work on the new annex to the
Union public dining hall will be
pushed this week so that it will be
finished in time for two banquets
scheduled there this next week-end.
At present the painting is nearly
finished find the gardeners have be
gun the landscaping. A hard gravel
path has been laid to the side en
trance of the new addition, and
shrubs have been planted against
the walls. The lawn will be put in
today.
The unit will be completed later
this week with fixtures, furniture,
and drapes. It will provide a place
on campus where groups of 90 per
sons or less can hold private din
ners. The room is equipped with
sliding doors so that it can be di
vided into two sections of different
capacity. This will afford facilities
for groups of any size as the annex
can also be used as part of the main
dining hall and increase the total
capacity to nearly 400.
