# Saturdays Excepted.
## 
### 
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
The organ in thp Assembly Hall will
he played daily at -1 o'clock, Satur
days excepted, instead of Sundays as
was announced in the Second Edition
of the Daily Palo Alto on Friday.
