# This Morning's Headlines
## Steel Settlement 
### 
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
CLEVELAND, Oct. 31 (/P)—Philip
Murray tonight signed a strike-end
ing agreement for 80,000 Bethlehem
Steel Co. workers. A $100 monthly
company - paid pension , including
federal social security, will go to
employees with 25 years' service at
the age of 65 or over.
Less than an hour after the an
nouncement here, United States
Steel Corp. offered to renew nego
tiations. U.S. Steel President Ben
jamin F. Fairless said in a state
ment:
"We renew our earlier proposal to
sit down with the Steelworkers'
Union in an endeavor to negotiate a
mutually satisfactory program of in
surance and pensions for our em
ployees."
