# Farm Hosts Few Halloween Ghosts
## 
### 
Halloween eve, the night when
goblins glory in mischievous pranks
and costumed figures go "trick or
treating" from door to door, was a
fairly quiet one at Stanford, police
reported. If you find your bicycle
in a tree this morning, however,
don't think it sprouted wings over
night.
Some Halloween festivities were
ce'.ebrated by Hurlburt and Rus
sell houses, which had an exchange
party; Roth, which went on a scav
enger hunt; Roble 3-C, which host
ed a frightening obstacle maze
through their corridor; and Casa
Naranja, which mysteriously spent
a few hours in darkness.
Some excitement was provided by
Paly High students when they in
vaded the Row, but they received
for the most part only water bag
ging.
