# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
The Pajamarino march in which
pj-c]«)d freshmen traditionally pa
raded down the Row has been re
routed to pass the Geology corner.
