# CLASS GAMES.
## Interclass Series Next Week.â€”Treasurer Cowden Is Arranging Varsity Schedule. 
### 
The class baseball games will be
held earlier than usual this year.
The Sophomores and freshmen
will play next Tuesday, the Juniors
and Seniors next Thursday, and on
Tuesday of the next week the two
winners will decide the class cham
pionship. In last year's series
1906 defeated 1905; and 1903, after
winning from 1904, defeated the
Freshmen and won the champion
ship.
Early next week, Manager Cow
den, Manager Decoto of California,
and Manager Ireland of the San
Francisco Independents, will ar
range a schedule of games to be
played among California, Stanford,
Santa Clara, and several outside
teams.
The baseball men out last night
were given light fielding practice
and half an hour at bat. No regular
game was played, one team remain
ing at bat for some time and then
giving place to the other nine.
Tritch, '04, and Ball. '04, formed
the battery of one team, and Sales,
'06, and Stott, '07, the battery of
the other. Coach Doyle took
Tritch's place later and pitched to
the batters. The pitchers did not
exert themselves, on account of the
cold weather, and long hits were
frequent.
