# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
Final Changes Due
Petitions for change in fi
nal examinations spring quar
ter 19(52 must be filed in
Room 102-N, Bldg. 100 by to
day, according to the Exam
ination Secretary.
