# Wright Talk Is Off
## 
### 
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
The appearance on campus
tomorrow of Lloyd Wright,
Republican challenger to
Sen. Kuchel in the June pri
mary, has been cancelled be
cause of a change in the can
didate's campaign schedule.
