# Sukarno Shot; Fate Uncertain
## 
### 
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
SINGAPORE. (UPD— A Radio
Indonesia broadcast monitored
here today said Indonesian Presi
dent Sukarno was shot and killed
at a Moslem mosque on his palace
grounds in Jakarta.
British Broadcasting Corp. mon
itors in London said that their
version of the Radio Indonesia
broadcast said the attempt on Su
karno’s life was unsuccessful.
The broadcast said he was shot
while attending special prayers
at the mosque. He had been
scheduled to make a speech after
the prayers.
The assassin was reported to
have been arrested. He was not
identified.
The broadcast quoted the gov
ernment ministry of information
as the source for the report.
Gen. Abdul Haris Nasution, de
fense minister and army chief of
staff, also spoke on the Radio In
donesia broadcast monitored here
but made no reference to the re
port of the shooting.
