# Controversy to Present HUAC Witness Tonight
## 
### 
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
Karl Kessler, United Steel
Workers Union official, and a
witness before the House Un-
American Activities Committee,
during hearings in Los Angeles,
April 24-27. will speak at Contro
versy tonight at 8. 855 Partridge
Ave., Menlo Park.
