# PAPOOSES LOSE 12-0
## 
### 
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
UCLA's frosh l oot hall team
defeated the Stanford Papooses
12-0 on the strength of two
quick second »period touch
downs. UCLA scored on a 58-
yard punt return and a 86-yard
ramble following a Stanford
tumble. A duo of UCLA inter
ceptions thwarted two promis
ing Indian drives.
