# BULLETIN
## 
### 
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
Sanderson Smith, publicity di
rector of Varian Associates, re
ported yesterday that the admin
istrative staff of the firm will
move into their new Stanford
quarters May Hi. The research
staff will follow within the week.
