# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
Sign-up lists are currently post
ed for intramural track. Deadline
for signing up is next Wednesday,
and the first competition begins
on May 15.
