# Change Seen In Soviet Attitude
## 
### 
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
BERLIN, April 9 (UP)—A group
of American press and radio execu
tives returned from a visit to Mos
cow today with the impression the
new Soviet government is "soften
ing" its attitude toward the West
and perhaps preparing a "counter
revolution" to end the cold war.
James Wick, leader of the 10-
member party, told a press confer
ence the eight-day visit "was fas
cinating because it came at a dra
matic time in history with a new
government in power."
"I had the strong impression a
very important change in the cold
war is taking place—a softening of
the attitude of the Russians toward
the West," he said.
"If this impression is true, then
there will be a corresponding
change in the attitude of the West
toward Russia."
