# Miller to Deliver Sermon on Sunday
## 
### 
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
The Rev. Alexander Miller, lec
turer in religion, will deliver the
sermon this Sunday at the 11 a.m.
service of worship in Memorial
Church. His topic will be "The
Newness of Life." Anthems will be
sung by the Memorial Church Choir
under the direction of Professor
Harold C. Schmidt. Herbert B.
Nanney, University organist, will
play.
