# Roosevelt's Career.
## 
### 
Two years after leaving Harvard
Roosevelt was elected a member of
the New York legislature. He was
defeated in 1886 as the Republican
candidate for mayor of New York
City. From 1889 to 1895 he served
as a member of tbe National Civil
Service Commission, and resigned
the latter position in 1895 to be
come president of the New York
police board. The distinguished
statesman was called in 1897 by
Secretary Long to become assistant
secretary of the navy. He achieved
his greatest fame during the war
with Spain, when as leader of the
troop of Rough Riders, which he
organized with General Leonard
Wood, be did valiant service on tbe
field in Cuba.
Roosevelt returned from his suc
cesses on the battlefield -to be
elected governor of New York in
1899, and two years later he was
McKinley's running mate for vice
president. He rose to the presi
dency on the death of President
McKinley, September 14,1901, and
has already won tbe estet in of liis
countrymen by his vigorous stand
on the trust question.
In addition to his work as a
statesman the President found time
to write several books that are
masterpieces. Among tbese are
"Winning of the West," "Life of
Governeur Morris," "Life of
Thomas H. Beaton," "Naval War
of 1812," "History of New York,"
"American Ideals and Other Es
says," "The Rough Riders," and
various others.
Two years after leaving Harvard
Roosevelt was elected a member of
the New York legislature. He was
defeated in 1886 as the Republican
candidate for mayor of New York
City. From 1889 to 1895 he served
as a member of tbe National Civil
Service Commission, and resigned
the latter position in 1895 to be
come president of the New York
police board. The distinguished
statesman was called in 1897 by
Secretary Long to become assistant
secretary of the navy. He achieved
his greatest fame during the war
with Spain, when as leader of the
troop of Rough Riders, which he
organized with General Leonard
Wood, be did valiant service on tbe
field in Cuba.
Roosevelt returned from his suc
cesses on the battlefield -to be
elected governor of New York in
1899, and two years later he was
McKinley's running mate for vice
president. He rose to the presi
dency on the death of President
McKinley, September 14,1901, and
has already won tbe estet in of liis
countrymen by his vigorous stand
on the trust question.
In addition to his work as a
statesman the President found time
to write several books that are
masterpieces. Among tbese are
"Winning of the West," "Life of
Governeur Morris," "Life of
Thomas H. Beaton," "Naval War
of 1812," "History of New York,"
"American Ideals and Other Es
says," "The Rough Riders," and
various others.
Two years after leaving Harvard
Roosevelt was elected a member of
the New York legislature. He was
defeated in 1886 as the Republican
candidate for mayor of New York
City. From 1889 to 1895 he served
as a member of tbe National Civil
Service Commission, and resigned
the latter position in 1895 to be
come president of the New York
police board. The distinguished
statesman was called in 1897 by
Secretary Long to become assistant
secretary of the navy. He achieved
his greatest fame during the war
with Spain, when as leader of the
troop of Rough Riders, which he
organized with General Leonard
Wood, be did valiant service on tbe
field in Cuba.
Roosevelt returned from his suc
cesses on the battlefield -to be
elected governor of New York in
1899, and two years later he was
McKinley's running mate for vice
president. He rose to the presi
dency on the death of President
McKinley, September 14,1901, and
has already won tbe estet in of liis
countrymen by his vigorous stand
on the trust question.
In addition to his work as a
statesman the President found time
to write several books that are
masterpieces. Among tbese are
"Winning of the West," "Life of
Governeur Morris," "Life of
Thomas H. Beaton," "Naval War
of 1812," "History of New York,"
"American Ideals and Other Es
says," "The Rough Riders," and
various others.
Two years after leaving Harvard
Roosevelt was elected a member of
the New York legislature. He was
defeated in 1886 as the Republican
candidate for mayor of New York
City. From 1889 to 1895 he served
as a member of tbe National Civil
Service Commission, and resigned
the latter position in 1895 to be
come president of the New York
police board. The distinguished
statesman was called in 1897 by
Secretary Long to become assistant
secretary of the navy. He achieved
his greatest fame during the war
with Spain, when as leader of the
troop of Rough Riders, which he
organized with General Leonard
Wood, be did valiant service on tbe
field in Cuba.
Roosevelt returned from his suc
cesses on the battlefield -to be
elected governor of New York in
1899, and two years later he was
McKinley's running mate for vice
president. He rose to the presi
dency on the death of President
McKinley, September 14,1901, and
has already won tbe estet in of liis
countrymen by his vigorous stand
on the trust question.
In addition to his work as a
statesman the President found time
to write several books that are
masterpieces. Among tbese are
"Winning of the West," "Life of
Governeur Morris," "Life of
Thomas H. Beaton," "Naval War
of 1812," "History of New York,"
"American Ideals and Other Es
says," "The Rough Riders," and
various others.
Two years after leaving Harvard
Roosevelt was elected a member of
the New York legislature. He was
defeated in 1886 as the Republican
candidate for mayor of New York
City. From 1889 to 1895 he served
as a member of tbe National Civil
Service Commission, and resigned
the latter position in 1895 to be
come president of the New York
police board. The distinguished
statesman was called in 1897 by
Secretary Long to become assistant
secretary of the navy. He achieved
his greatest fame during the war
with Spain, when as leader of the
troop of Rough Riders, which he
organized with General Leonard
Wood, be did valiant service on tbe
field in Cuba.
Roosevelt returned from his suc
cesses on the battlefield -to be
elected governor of New York in
1899, and two years later he was
McKinley's running mate for vice
president. He rose to the presi
dency on the death of President
McKinley, September 14,1901, and
has already won tbe estet in of liis
countrymen by his vigorous stand
on the trust question.
In addition to his work as a
statesman the President found time
to write several books that are
masterpieces. Among tbese are
"Winning of the West," "Life of
Governeur Morris," "Life of
Thomas H. Beaton," "Naval War
of 1812," "History of New York,"
"American Ideals and Other Es
says," "The Rough Riders," and
various others.
Two years after leaving Harvard
Roosevelt was elected a member of
the New York legislature. He was
defeated in 1886 as the Republican
candidate for mayor of New York
City. From 1889 to 1895 he served
as a member of tbe National Civil
Service Commission, and resigned
the latter position in 1895 to be
come president of the New York
police board. The distinguished
statesman was called in 1897 by
Secretary Long to become assistant
secretary of the navy. He achieved
his greatest fame during the war
with Spain, when as leader of the
troop of Rough Riders, which he
organized with General Leonard
Wood, be did valiant service on tbe
field in Cuba.
Roosevelt returned from his suc
cesses on the battlefield -to be
elected governor of New York in
1899, and two years later he was
McKinley's running mate for vice
president. He rose to the presi
dency on the death of President
McKinley, September 14,1901, and
has already won tbe estet in of liis
countrymen by his vigorous stand
on the trust question.
In addition to his work as a
statesman the President found time
to write several books that are
masterpieces. Among tbese are
"Winning of the West," "Life of
Governeur Morris," "Life of
Thomas H. Beaton," "Naval War
of 1812," "History of New York,"
"American Ideals and Other Es
says," "The Rough Riders," and
various others.
Two years after leaving Harvard
Roosevelt was elected a member of
the New York legislature. He was
defeated in 1886 as the Republican
candidate for mayor of New York
City. From 1889 to 1895 he served
as a member of tbe National Civil
Service Commission, and resigned
the latter position in 1895 to be
come president of the New York
police board. The distinguished
statesman was called in 1897 by
Secretary Long to become assistant
secretary of the navy. He achieved
his greatest fame during the war
with Spain, when as leader of the
troop of Rough Riders, which he
organized with General Leonard
Wood, be did valiant service on tbe
field in Cuba.
Roosevelt returned from his suc
cesses on the battlefield -to be
elected governor of New York in
1899, and two years later he was
McKinley's running mate for vice
president. He rose to the presi
dency on the death of President
McKinley, September 14,1901, and
has already won tbe estet in of liis
countrymen by his vigorous stand
on the trust question.
In addition to his work as a
statesman the President found time
to write several books that are
masterpieces. Among tbese are
"Winning of the West," "Life of
Governeur Morris," "Life of
Thomas H. Beaton," "Naval War
of 1812," "History of New York,"
"American Ideals and Other Es
says," "The Rough Riders," and
various others.
