# Soldiers at Front To Get Fast News
## 
### 
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
A special news service, which gets
news through to the soldiers in Af
rica as fast as the civilian in Amer
ica knows it, has been started by the
Army Special Service Division, Serv
ices of Supply, the War Department
announced.
Using Signal Corps facilities, a
2,000-word summary of war, sports,
and home front development is now
prepared daily and transmitted to
American outposts where soldiers do
not have other access to United
States news.
