# Untitled Article
## 
### 
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
CHICAGO (U.R)—The world'? biggest
coffee urn is located at the
Chrysler war plant in Chicago. The
125-gallon urn towers seven feet in
height, requires a block and tackle
to handle and a pump to supply
water.
