# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
Forests modify the climate not only
over the area they occupy but also
over the surrounding country.
