# PAPER CARRIES ON
## 
### 
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
The University of Hawaii's paper,
the Ka Leo O Hawaii, which auto- 1
matically was discontinued after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor, resumed
publication in September, 1942. The
paper is the same size as it used to
be, but now comes out once instead
of twice a week.
