# Untitled Article
## 
### 

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.

WON'T BUDGE—Lieut.
General Bernard S. Mont
gomery, confident he has
in his British Eighth Army
in Tunisia enough tanks,
guns, men and planes for
overwhelming attack. But
he won't budge until right
moment arrives.
