# Symposium To Be Held On Education
## 
### 
As the second of a series of sym
posiums on the general topic "Con
structive Forces in a Chaotic World,"
a panel discussion will be presented
at the School of Eduaction Audi
torium next Monday at 7:30 p.m.
The special topic of this symposium
is "Education and International Un
derstanding.' '
Professor Lewis Mumford of the
School of Humanities will act as
chairman. Professor Lawrence
Thomas of the School of Education
will present a constructive philoso
phy of education for the post-war
world: Dr. Irwin Abrams of the De
partment of History will discuss the
question of whether the United
States should expect to "police" edu
cation in Europe after the war; and
Professor F. W. Strothmann of the
Department of Germanic Languages
will discuss the special problem of
post-war education in Germany.
Members of the audience may par
ticipate in the discussion and ques
tion the speakers. The School of
Humanities hopes to sponsor at least
two more symposiums, also open to
the public, dealing with other sub
jects of importance to post-war
planning.
