# ROBLE HALL WOMEN TO HAVE DRESS-UP PARTY
## 
### 
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
University women ai Roble Hall will
have a novel opportunity to get ac
quainted next Tuesday night when
the dinner hour will take the form of
a "dress-up" party. No one will be
admitted to the dining rooms unless
'in costume and each woman will wear
[a card on which her name is written,
j Such .entertainments are a custom of
'Roble Hall to bring all of the women
together each quarter for an informal
introduction.
