# Adv. 40 Page 12
## 
### 
Superb dining.
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive Menu
including veal, chicken, and
fresh fish daily
Henry's
482 University Ave.
, Palo Alto, 326-5680 J
Superb dining.
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive Menu
including veal, chicken, and
fresh fish daily
Henry's
482 University Ave.
, Palo Alto, 326-5680 J
Superb dining.
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive Menu
including veal, chicken, and
fresh fish daily
Henry's
482 University Ave.
, Palo Alto, 326-5680 J
Superb dining.
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive Menu
including veal, chicken, and
fresh fish daily
Henry's
482 University Ave.
, Palo Alto, 326-5680 J
Superb dining.
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive Menu
including veal, chicken, and
fresh fish daily
Henry's
482 University Ave.
, Palo Alto, 326-5680 J
Superb dining.
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive Menu
including veal, chicken, and
fresh fish daily
Henry's
482 University Ave.
, Palo Alto, 326-5680 J
Superb dining.
reasonably priced in an
intimate atmosphere
lunch dinner
from 11:30 from 5:30
Extensive Menu
including veal, chicken, and
fresh fish daily
Henry's
482 University Ave.
, Palo Alto, 326-5680 J
