# HOUSING
## Gas pipe ruptures near Suites 
### BY THE DAILY NEWS STAFF 
Just before noon on Wednesday,
a gas pipe was punctured at
Suites in Governor's Corner dur
ing the installation of a fence
post, according to an email to
Suites residents from GovCo
Housing.
Shortly afterwards, the fire
department and utility company
were called. The fire company
promptly closed the windows of
the rooms close to the source of
the gas leak, and PG&E repair

men proceeded to rectify the sit
uation.
While the repair occurred.
Suites residents could not enter
their buildings. The repair,
which began around 1 p.m.. took
about two hours.
The fire department ran air
quality tests near the leak to
ensure there was no toxicity
hazard. Though they found the
rooms to be safe, fire officials
advised Suites residents to open
windows for ventilation if they
smelted remnants of the eas.
Just before noon on Wednesday,
a gas pipe was punctured at
Suites in Governor's Corner dur
ing the installation of a fence
post, according to an email to
Suites residents from GovCo
Housing.
Shortly afterwards, the fire
department and utility company
were called. The fire company
promptly closed the windows of
the rooms close to the source of
the gas leak, and PG&E repair

men proceeded to rectify the sit
uation.
While the repair occurred.
Suites residents could not enter
their buildings. The repair,
which began around 1 p.m.. took
about two hours.
The fire department ran air
quality tests near the leak to
ensure there was no toxicity
hazard. Though they found the
rooms to be safe, fire officials
advised Suites residents to open
windows for ventilation if they
smelted remnants of the eas.
Just before noon on Wednesday,
a gas pipe was punctured at
Suites in Governor's Corner dur
ing the installation of a fence
post, according to an email to
Suites residents from GovCo
Housing.
Shortly afterwards, the fire
department and utility company
were called. The fire company
promptly closed the windows of
the rooms close to the source of
the gas leak, and PG&E repair

men proceeded to rectify the sit
uation.
While the repair occurred.
Suites residents could not enter
their buildings. The repair,
which began around 1 p.m.. took
about two hours.
The fire department ran air
quality tests near the leak to
ensure there was no toxicity
hazard. Though they found the
rooms to be safe, fire officials
advised Suites residents to open
windows for ventilation if they
smelted remnants of the eas.
Just before noon on Wednesday,
a gas pipe was punctured at
Suites in Governor's Corner dur
ing the installation of a fence
post, according to an email to
Suites residents from GovCo
Housing.
Shortly afterwards, the fire
department and utility company
were called. The fire company
promptly closed the windows of
the rooms close to the source of
the gas leak, and PG&E repair

men proceeded to rectify the sit
uation.
While the repair occurred.
Suites residents could not enter
their buildings. The repair,
which began around 1 p.m.. took
about two hours.
The fire department ran air
quality tests near the leak to
ensure there was no toxicity
hazard. Though they found the
rooms to be safe, fire officials
advised Suites residents to open
windows for ventilation if they
smelted remnants of the eas.
Just before noon on Wednesday,
a gas pipe was punctured at
Suites in Governor's Corner dur
ing the installation of a fence
post, according to an email to
Suites residents from GovCo
Housing.
Shortly afterwards, the fire
department and utility company
were called. The fire company
promptly closed the windows of
the rooms close to the source of
the gas leak, and PG&E repair

men proceeded to rectify the sit
uation.
While the repair occurred.
Suites residents could not enter
their buildings. The repair,
which began around 1 p.m.. took
about two hours.
The fire department ran air
quality tests near the leak to
ensure there was no toxicity
hazard. Though they found the
rooms to be safe, fire officials
advised Suites residents to open
windows for ventilation if they
smelted remnants of the eas.
Just before noon on Wednesday,
a gas pipe was punctured at
Suites in Governor's Corner dur
ing the installation of a fence
post, according to an email to
Suites residents from GovCo
Housing.
Shortly afterwards, the fire
department and utility company
were called. The fire company
promptly closed the windows of
the rooms close to the source of
the gas leak, and PG&E repair

men proceeded to rectify the sit
uation.
While the repair occurred.
Suites residents could not enter
their buildings. The repair,
which began around 1 p.m.. took
about two hours.
The fire department ran air
quality tests near the leak to
ensure there was no toxicity
hazard. Though they found the
rooms to be safe, fire officials
advised Suites residents to open
windows for ventilation if they
smelted remnants of the eas.
