# Daily Gridders Post Challenge To Chaparral
## 
### 
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
Realizing that it is not very
sporting to pick on feeble,
old men, The Stanford Daily
feels obligated to challenge
the Chaparral to the tradi
tional Chappie Bowl game.
The Daily team, sporting a
250-pound center and two
lightening fast ends, is will
ing to engage immediately,
but we realize that the Chap
pie needs some time to pro
cure their annual ringers, so
we can postpone the slaugh
ter until Saturday, October
22.
Last year the Chappie
cheated its way to a close
victory, but this time the
Daily will keep the referees
locked up so they cannot be
approached by "big money
interests."
We calmly await reciproca
tion of our challenge.
