# Cashier Office Back to Normal
## 
### 
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
With the rush of registra
tion finally at an end, the
Stanford Cashier's office an
nounces that starting today
it will revert to the normal
woi'king hours of 9 a.m. to
I 4 p.m.
