# Stanford Masons to Attend San Francisco Meeting
## 
### 
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
Stanford Masons will attend a meet
ing of the Alta Vista Lodge In San
Francisco, Friday evening, March 24,
and the third degree team from the
local lodge will confer the third de
gree upon candidates at that time.
G. W. Moody, Master of the Alta Vista
lodge issued the invitation to the
Stanford Masons. The local third de
gree team has conferred degrees at
the Palo Alto lodge and the San Ma
teo lodge.
Mark Evans, president of the Stan
ford Masonic Club, has requested that
all Masons attend the meeting.
