# Frederick Anderson Tells of Problems in Research
## 
### 
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
lrederick Anderson of the Romantic
Language Department gave a talk on
general problems and methods of re
search to members of the Renaissance
Club last night at 8 o'clock in the
\\ omen s Clubhouse. The club has re
cently been reorganized to promote
greater interest in research, and Ander
son s lecture was the first of a series
that will deal with problems of inves
tigation. The meeting last night was
the last of the club for the quarter.
