# Dance for Gymnasium Credit.
## 
### 
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
Students of the Journalism Depart
ment at the University of Columbia
Hay dance instead of taking gymnasium
for exercise. When the announcement
of the new plan was made, it caused
the office of the registrar to be
swamped with applicants for the new
form of physical training. It is now
feared thai the few women of the col
lege will be over-exerc'sed, because
they are so greatly outnumbered by
the men.
