# STANFORD LOSES DEBATE
## STATE ELECTION AIDS THE OPPOSING TEAM Unanimous Decision of Judges Gives First Victory in Three Years to California Team. Brilliant Refutation by Coyle 
### 
Stanford was defeated for the first
time in three years, in the twenty-sec
ond annual Intercollegiat Debate with
California last Friday evening. The
Blue and Gold debaters secured the
unanimous decision of the judges, but
it was by no means a oue-sided de
bate in regard to the ability of the
speakers. California, supporting the
negative side of the resolution, "Re
solved, that the state of California
should abolish the initiative and refer
endum," was very materially aided by
the recent staet election. The whole
question really hinged on whether the
voters of the state were able to use
th initiative intelligently, and such was
proved to be the case in the trial on
November 3. This point carried so
much practical weight that no theoret
ical arguments which the Stanford de
baters could present were sufficient to
batter down the handicap. Aside from
this, the Cardinal team had at least an
even break with their opponents.
A. F. Coyle, '15, who spoke first, de
fined the initiative and referendum,
and laid down the issue of the debate,
which was: Will the initiative and
referendum enable Ihe people to get
better legislation? He then traced the
history of the adoption of the meas
ures. but argued that the best way to
rid the country of the corruption prev
alent would have been and is. by the
election of better legislators. Thus,
by increasing the burden of responsi
bility on the legislators, holding them
responsible, and. at the same time,
shortening the ballot, better results
would be obtained.
.T. H. Levy, '15, spoke first for Cali
fornia. fie claimed that the best laws
could be secured by the legislature,
checked and supplemented by the ini
tiative and referendum: also that these
measures had not been in force long
enough to give them a fair trial, and
it was absurd to abolish them so early.
W. L. Miller. '17, speaking second for
Stanford, argued that the initiative
and referendum did not give the people
machinery whereby to secure good leg
islation. on account of their compli
cated details and the ever-increasing
number of amendments that would be
placed before the voters.
