# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
Illinois University women now wear
dark blue felt hats with gray bands
on them.
