# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
Tomorrow morning in a regular As
sembly, the Student Body will adopt, or
reject certain propositions that have ;
been proposed as amendments to the
Constitution of the Associated Student |
Body. It is the duty of every member I
of that organization to be present at ;
that Assembly if for no other purpose
than to hear what is to be done to the
laws under which the Student Body
transacts its business and governs its '
members. Two amendments stand out
above the others as demanding special
attention and thought. To change* the i
system of selecting men to lead the |
Student Body in times of Intercol
legiate contests and to authorize the
increased expenditure of Student Body !
moneys are important matters and de-;
mand more than a cursory considera- j
tion. A large attendance at the meet- j
ing will alone prove the interest that j
every student should take in the gov- J
erning of the Associated Student Body. I
