# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
pm M 0
gjm t ' u /aB V
BfIMHP
ONLY A FEW
MINUTES OFF
Your watch may be
warnir.3 you that some
thing has gone wrong by
rtT.ning a few minutes
siow every day. Take our
tip and bring it to our
experts for examination.
©
A Complete Jewelry
Stock
•
LUCIEN LELONG
PERFUMES
e
CSFTS FCR ALL
OCCASIONS
©
J. JAY BAKER
374 UNIVERSITY AVE.
