# Rooters' Ticket Sale to Continue
## 
### 
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
Approximately 500 student
rooter tickets for each of this
week-end's U.S.C. games had been
sold late yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to information released by
the B.A.C.
Rooters' tickets will continue on
sale today, but after the sale is
completed all remaining seats will
be offered to the general public.
Rooters' ducats are priced at 4ft
cents for each game, with general
admission cardboards selling for
7!» cents.
