# ARMY DODGER JAILED
## 
### 
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
HONOLULU, T.H., Jan. 14 (UP).
—Clarence H. Newhall, 35, today was
sentenced to 35 days in the county
jail for failure to register for se
lective service.
