# BROWN LEAVES BROWN
## 
### 
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
BOSTON, Jan. 14 (UP).—Earl M.
Brown, Jr., Brown University end
coach and former All-American end
at Notre Dame in 1938, will accept
a similar berth at Harvard, it was
| reported unofficially tonight.
