# NORRIS TO SPEAK
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
The Stanford Dames will hear a
talk by Kathleen Norris at their
general meeting tomorrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Stanford Wom
en's Clubhouse. Each Dame may
invite one guest.
