# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## JERRY BRUCKER, Sports Editor EARLY SNOWS BRING OUT SKIERS 
### 

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.

AMPLE SNOW and ideal weather started the 1941 winter sports season off with a hang at Snoqualamie
pass, mecca for Washington ski enthusiasts. The y iungsters in the background weren't big enough for
skis, but seem to be enjoying the sleigh ride.
