# Chappie Appearance Promised for Friday
## 
### 
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
Making a late appearance, the
Chaparral will go on sale Friday
at central campus spots for 25
cents. The delay was caused by a
shutdown in the photolithographic
department of the University
Press, according to Editor F. Q.
Hewitt.
