# Life Insurance.
## 
### 
The Bankers' Life Association of
Des Moines, lowa, is now repre
sented at the University and Palo
Alto by Marshall Black, ex-' ( J7.
The Bank of l'alo Alto is the local
depository of the Association, and
Dr. Frank 11. Moss is the examin
ing physician.
The Bankers' Life Association
was incorporated July 1, 1879, by
a combination of representative
bankers in lowa and Illinois, for
the purpose of supplying hank offi
cials and other business and pro
fesional men with insurance less
than the "Old Line" and more sub
stantial in its benefits than that
supplied by co-operation. The
subsequent success of their efforts
is shown by the issue of 57,000
certificates of membership and a
guarantee and surplus fund amount
ing to over two millions of dollars.
Information regarding cost of
insurance or the workings of the
association will be furnished on
application by Marshall Black,
l'alo Alto, or Edward F. Delges,
State Agent, Safe Deposit Building
San Francisco.
