# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Special services for Easter have
been prepared for the chapel and in
all the churches of I'alo Alto. Con
siderable time has been spent in
their preparation and good pro
grams are promised.
Special services for Easter have
been prepared for the chapel and in
all the churches of I'alo Alto. Con
siderable time has been spent in
their preparation and good pro
grams are promised.
Special services for Easter have
been prepared for the chapel and in
all the churches of I'alo Alto. Con
siderable time has been spent in
their preparation and good pro
grams are promised.
Special services for Easter have
been prepared for the chapel and in
all the churches of I'alo Alto. Con
siderable time has been spent in
their preparation and good pro
grams are promised.
Special services for Easter have
been prepared for the chapel and in
all the churches of I'alo Alto. Con
siderable time has been spent in
their preparation and good pro
grams are promised.
