# Stillwell Speaks Today, Thursday
## 
### 
Donald L. Stillwell, M.D., As
sociate Professor of Anatomy,
will speak today on "Medical
School Application." The talk is
to be presented in Room 275 of
Tresidder Memorial Union at
7:30 p.m.
DR. STILLWKLL, who also
serves as the Assistant Dean for
Student Affairs at the Stanford
School of Medicine, will speak as
part of a program designed as an
orientation for pre-med students
in all departments of the Univer
sity who plan to apply to medi
cal schools during the forthcom
ing year.
Tonight's speech is primarily,
but not exclusively, for those
from eating clubs, fraterrfities,
an d off-campus groups. The
speech will be repeated Thursday
evening in the same place for
those from campus dormitories,
women's groups, and others.
