# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.

THIS WAS JUST ONE of the many sights enjoyed by Daily staff members on their Freedom Cruise'
yesterday. Staff members of other Bay Area college dailies and noted professional journalists joined
them to "talk shop'' while circling the San Francisco Bay.
