# Temko To Speak On Civic Planning
## 
### 
Allan Temko, critic and analyst
ol' architecture and urban affairs
will speak Wednesday on "The
Peninsula and the Future of ihe
Bay Region."
Temko, in a talk to be given
at 8 p.m. in the Physics Lecture
Hall, will deal with what he terms
"the unprecedented envi r o n
menlal crisis which has affected
all metropolitan areas, and which
may be seen in particularly tragic
form in the Peninsula." The talk
will be sponsored by the Depart
ment of Art and Architecture.
Temko, a journalism professor
at the University of California at
Berkeley, has written numerous
books and articles on city-plan
ning and architecture and has
studied large cities and California
architecture in particular under
Rockefeller Foundation and Gug
genheim Fellowship Grants.
