# 'JUNIOR KLAN' HIT
## 
### 
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
ATLANTA. Ga., Nov. 18 (UP).-
President Emory Burke of the Co
lumbians and two other leaders of
the "Junior Ku Klux Klan" were
indicted today by a special grand
, jury.
