# Untitled Article
## 
### 
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
U. of W. found the cross-question
type of debate successful in their re
cent debate with the University of
British Columbia.
