# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
OIL SILK
RAIN COATS
$2.95
White and bright colors in
well styled, well made
rain coats of durable oil
silk. Sizes small, medium,
large.
Xyals'fcerfc
355 University Ave.
