# ROW, ROW, ROW, YOUR BOAT --
## 
### 

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.

MEN RESPONSIBLE for reviving the time-honored sport of crew racrng to the Stanford campus are busy
making future plans. The bigwigs are (left to right) Carl Pcderson, Palo Alto business man and rowing
enthusiast; Lee Peake and Ted Cole, both freshmen who instigated the revival of the rowing group; Jack
Yates, Stanford coach and former Cal rowing ace; and Carl Gerlach.
