# Rifle, Pistol Club To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
The Stanford Rifle and Pistol Club
will meet at the rifle range tonight
at 7:30 o'clock. A men's rifle team,
a women's rifle team and a men's
pistol team are to be picked to take
part in the shoulder-to-shoulder
matches planned for the coming
quarter.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend the meeting. The rifle range is
located beneath the Administration
Building. No previous experience is
required and it is not necessary to
own a gun.
