# Stokowski to Hear NYA Musicians
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9 (UP).—
National Youth Administration head
quarters here today announced that
Leopold Stokowski, noted conductor,
would conduct final Northern Cali
fornia auditions here Jan. 13 of
young musicians seeking places in
the National Youth Symphony Or
chestra.
