# Sororities, Rushees Plan Silence Period
## 
### 
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
Providing a short respite for
rushees and sorority women alike,
no contact, between new women and
sororities will be permitted today,
which has been set as the annual
"day of silence" preceding prefer
ence dinners to be held Thursday
and Friday nights.
Pledging will take place Saturday
nii»ht in the nine sorority houses,
where open-houses and informal
jolly-ups will be held to introduce
the pledfr -!as'.ps to the campus.
