# A 						Phi O
## 
### 
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
Officers elected by Alpha Phi
Omega, national service fraternity,
are Ralph Moore, president; Dave
Mitchell, vice-president in charge
of pledges; Todd Martin, vice-presi
detn in charge of projects; Bill
Sundblad, treasurer; Chris Schwa
fel, secretary; Dick Conser, histo
rian; Pete Mills, sergeant at arms.
