# Russian Comedy Play Is Tonight
## 
### 
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
"The Inspector," a comedy play in
Russian, will be presented at 7:30
tonight ifi the Women's Clubhouse.
The play, written by N. V. Gogol,
is sponsored by the Asiatic and
Slavic Department, Given by stu
dents of the Russian Department, it
is directed by Mrs. Sarra Kliachko.
"The Inspector" is the story of a
small town in the 19th century
which is thrown into turmoil.
