# PETE MAKES ANOTHER FIRST DOWN
## 
### 

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.

ONE OF TIIE 17 first downs which the Stanford "wow" boys chalked up in the victory over U.C.L.A
Bruins is shown above in the making. Pete Kmetovic. Indian halfback, gets away for a 10-yard gain
pursued by Bruin tackle Jack Finlay and a teammate.
