# TO LEAD LOCAL RED CROSS DRIVE
## 
### 

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.

LEADERS OF
this year's campus
Red Cross drive.
which started
yesterday, are. left
to right: Norm Ene
vold. Jeff Bromfield,
Hetty Jo Green,
Rosamond Upson,
Virginia Stammer,
and
Maryly Andrew.
