# OIL SHIPPING AFFECTED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (/?). —A
"breakdown" in regulation ol inter
state oil shipments was predicted by
the Oil Administration today as a
result of the Supreme Court decision
holding a section of the National In
dustrial Recovery Act illegal.
