# U.C. Professor Holding Leadership Course Here
## 
### 
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
A course devoted to an analysis of
the methods employed by leaders to
secure their ends is being ofiered by j
Professor E. Z. Rowell, visiting di- 1
rector of the* department of public !
speaking from the University of
California, this quarter for the first
time at Stanford.
The course is the result of Dr. j
Rowell's deep investigation into the j
phenomena of leadership, and while
offered in the public speaking de- '
partment (course 193-b) employs in
vestigations in the entire field of so
cial sciences.
Registration may still be made by
consulting Professor Rowell in his ,
office, room 211.
