# Electricians Tryout Today For 'Her Master's Voice'
## 
### 
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
Tryouts for electricians to aid in
the presentation of "Her Master's
Voice" will be held this afternoon in
the Assembly llxll. An artist is also
needed to help with stage set prepa
ration.
Students of all classes are eligible
for the work on the play, which will
be presented early in February.
