# CHANGE FARMERS' PAY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9 (JP), Sec
retary Wallace said today that pro
vision might be made in proposed
amendments to the farm act for pay
ing farmers in commodities instead
of cash for reducing production.
