# CAPTORS FREE STUDENT
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9 (/P>. —Allen C.
Bomberger, 21, college student from
Hammond, Ind., was released early
today by a trio of kidnapers who
forced him, he told police, to write
a ransom note to his father de
manding $50,000.
