# FR. ACTS ON EMBARGO
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
WASHINGTON, May 28 (/P). —
President Roosevelt late today
drafted a proclamation to put into
immediate effect the order against
selling arms to Bolivia and Para
guay.
