# Men's Glee Club Calls Special Business Meeting
## 
### 
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
A special business meeting of the
Men's Glee Club has been called for
tonight at 8 o'clock by Manager Art
Allen.
In the interest of the planned
spring trip for next year the follow
ing men are asked to be present:
Bassett, Blanchard, Breed, Bronson,
BufTum, Carpenter, Church, Evans,
Friedman, Giullotte, Hanson, Orr,
Rosenbcrger, Shenson, Towle, Wal
lace, Woodward, Wyatt, and Young.
The meeting will be held in the Glee
Clubroom.
Senior announcements will be
ready for distribution by Friday
There will be a few extra for those
who haven't ordered them, but those
wanting them are advised to buy
early because the number available
is limited.
