# Clara Coles Improves; Regains Consciousness
## 
### 
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
Clara Coles, Stanford sophomore
who was seriously hurt in an auto
mobile accident near Santa Maria,
May 6, was reported yesterday as
having "intermittently regained full
consciousness."
Miss Coles, who has been uncon
scious for more than a week, sus
tained a basal skull fracture when
the car in which she was riding col
lided with a truck. At the time of
the accident she was riding with
Margaret Powell in a car driven by
Alden Sadler, both Stanford stu
dents
