# ELECT MED OFFICERS
## 
### 
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
Election of officers for next year
and a talk by a prominent physician
will be featured at the meeting of
the Pre-Med Club at 7:30 o'clock
Wednesday night in Room 430 of the
Biology Building.
