# RUMOR MASQUERS SOCIETY WILL GIVE COMEDY BY SIERRA
## 
### 
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
Although it lias not yet been
officially announced, all signs
point to "The Romantic Young
Lady" as the choice for the an
nual Masquers Play.
Written by G. Martinez Sierra,
the play is a modern three-act
Spanish comedy, with the action
taking place in Madrid. There
are eleven characters, of which
four are women. "The Roman
tic Young Lady" was first pro
duced in the Teatro Eslava of
Madrid in 1918, and in the Roy
alty Theatre, London, in 1920.
