# MITCHELL WILL COACH CHAFFEY HIGH SCHOOL
## 
### 
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
Howard (Muggs) Mitchell, former
Stanford quarterback, who has been
assistant backfleld coach and fresh
man basketball coach since he fin
ished his work at Stanford in 1926,
lias been signed to coach the Chaffey
Union High School football team in
1928. Bert Heiser, star guard of the
University of California's 1927 foot
ball eleven, will work with Mitchell.
