# Untitled Article
## 
### 
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
An infirmary to cost $350,000 is to
be built at the University of Cali
' fornia.
