# SORORITIES WILL END RUSHING TODAY WITH PLEDGING CEREMONY
## 
### 
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
Ending a two weeks' rushing period,
women's pledging will take place any
time between 6 o'clock this morning
and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning. Pan-
Hellenic has refused to divulge the
exact hour of the event. Last year
it occurred late in the afternoon.
A period of silence between soror
ity and freshman women began last
night immediately after the close of
the last dinner date. This will con
tinue until bidding. No conversation
except a salutation is permissible
during this period between the two
groups. Women in Roble Hall are re
quested by Pan-Hellenic to consider
the sorority question a closed topic
between them and freshmen until
after bidding.
Bids were submitted last night by
the sororites to Pan-Hellenic, which
has turned them over to the lawyer,
who in turn will make appointments
with the women and distribute the
bids. Immediately after acceptance of
bids, the women will be conveyed to
the sorority houses of their choice
for pledging.
