# Enough Potash for Next 250 Years Found in Texas
## 
### 
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 15. — (1.P.) —
Mineable potash sufficient to meet the
demands of the United States at its
present consumption for the next 250
years is found in Midland County,
Texas, according to Dr. E. P. Schoch,
director of the industrial chemistry
experiment station, and Dr. E. H. Sel
lards, director of the Bureau of Eco
nomic Geology, of the University of
Texas.
