# POLITICAL TAKE-OFFS FEATURE OF BANQUET
## 
### 
Politics reigned supreme at the ban
quet given for 150 men of the educa
tion department in the Union. The
proceedings for the evening were a
parody on a national political conven
tion. Dr. Fred C. Ayer was the con
vention chairman. The keynote speech
was delivered by Dr. William M.
Proctor who pointed out the objec
tives of the convention. In the course
of the evening a new political party
burst into being and several candi
dates were nominated by the factions
present. The speeches which accom
panied the nominations left nothing
to be desired. The platform of the
new party was enunciated by Dean
Elwood P. Cubberley in fourteen
points. Although this declaration of
principles was couched in humorous
vein it contained much of a deeper
significance which was not lost upon
the gathering.
