# WILL PRESENT SPANISH PROGRAM TONIGHT
## 
### 

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.

Senorita Luisa Espinel, who will present a program of Spanish folk
songs in the Union Court at 8:30 o'clock tonight. She will dress in the
costumes of the people of the Spanish provinces.
