# WANTS TO TRAVEL
## 
### 

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.

Captain Bud Spencer, holder of the
world's record in the 400 meters, who
will compete in the Olympic trials
which start today. Spence is a fa
vorite and a cinch to make the team.
