# Special Telephone Lines To Join Hoover With East
## 
### 
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
Three special telephone lines are
being installed in the Campus home
of Herbert Hoover, Republican presi
dential nominee. These lines are to
maintain direct contact with the East.
One will be a straight line to Wash
ington, and the other two will con
nect with principal Eastern cities.
The lines will be ready for use when
Mr. Hoover arrives on the campus.
