# FOREIGN COMMERCE EXPERT TALKS TO ECONOMICS CLASS
## 
### 
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
Philip B. Kennedy, Director of the
Bureau of Foreign anil Domestic Com
merce, gave a talk this morning to
Professor Eliot Jones' class in water
transportation. Mr. Kennedy empha
sized the wonderful opportunity that
the foreign trade offers to young men,
and particularly to college trained men.
In the past, American sales representa
tives of export agencies have been of
the commercial traveler type, and they
have given the impression that Amer
icans are crude and uncultivated. To
overcome this prejudice our business
interests are now choosing their for
eign representatives primarily on the
basis of character, placing this quality
ahead of experience. Herein lies the
opportunity for college students, who
have a much better chance than com
mercial travelers to develop the quali
ties upon which insistence is being
placed.
