# ART GALLERY EXHIBIT ATTRACTING COMMENT
## 
### 
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
The paintings of Ida M. Johnson and
Mrs. J. N. Culbertson which are now
on view at the Stanford Art Gallery,
were last exhibited at the Botanic Gar
dens, in Brooklyn, N. Y. There they
attracted a good deal of attention and
much favorable comment. Mrs. Cul
bertson's paintings are all California
scenes, many of them having been paint
ed at Carmel.
The familiar Point Lobos, near Mon
terey, forms the subject for one of her
compositions, but it is from an unusual
point of view, and makes a striking pic
ture. Several other paintings arc of
Patios at Santa Barbara. The majority
of Mrs. Culbertson's works are of the
California hills, enriched with flower
foregrounds. They reproduce the mar
velous brilliance of colors in spring.
Miss Johnson, who works with Mrs.
Culbertson, also exhibited in New York.
Her flower paintings are remarkable for
their detailed accuracy, and are most
valuable for the student of botany.
