# Lectures by Luther Burbank.
## 
### 
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
Mr. Luther Burbank, lecturer on
Plant Evolution in the University,
will address the faculty and gradu
ate students in the University
chapel at eight o'clock on Tuesday
evening, October 3d. He will ad
dress the general University audi
ence, including students, at 1:30
pm. in the chapel on Wednesday,
October 4th.
