# Memorial Church Ushers Named by Senior President
## 
### 
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
Senior President E. R. Ames today
announced the following Seventeeners
as Memorial Church ushers for this
semester. F. D. Duncan, O. C'. Field,
H. W. McNulty, H. C. Parker, *H. A.
Frye, F. M. Croncnwett, C. W. Crowell,
P. V. R. Adams, R. A. Dingley, and O.
E. Briggs. Chaplain D. Charles Gard
ner wishes to meet these men in the
vestry, Sunday morning at 10:45.
