# Debaters to Try Out for Underclass Teams Friday
## 
### 
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
Tryouts for the annual forensic con
tost of the freshman and sophomore
classes will be licit! on February 9,
the freshmen meeting in the Little
Theater and tlie sophomores in room
21 I. The subject for debate is the
same as that, of the Tri-State debate,
"Resolved, That all industrial dispute
shall be subject to compulsory arbi
tration and compulsory award." The
date set for the debate is March 1.
