# New Quarters for Journalists
## 
### 
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
Headquarters for students of the
journalism classes of the unive-sity
are being prepared in the basement of
the history building. A large room
lighted from five windows will be fur
nished with tables, chairs and news
paper files. This will be used by th?
journalism classes of Assistant Profes
sor E. W. Smith of the English de
nartment.
