# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
The Alumni Association held a re
ception for all alumni in this vicinity
at the home of Miss Laura Stevick, '14,
in Palo Alto yesterday afternoon. Doc
tor Jordan was present, and pave a
short, address.
