# FEMININE FANS ARRANGE FOR INTERCLASS BASEBALL
## 
### 
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
Class teams for women's baseball
will be chosen after another week's
work-out. After the selection has been
made, a. class series will he played,
the winning teams playing in the
finals on April 24. The rumor that a
challenge has been sent to the women
of the University of California is en
tirely without foundation. The class
captains are the Misses Joyce Gard
iner, '15; Dorothy Simmons, '16: Doro
thy Metz, '17. and Helen Westerman.
'18.
