# SU Biology Prof's Book Published
## 
### 
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
A Stanford biologist outlines |
In simple language the major
problems of a complicated field
of study in a new book, "Cell
Physiology."
Biology Professor Arthur C.
Giese is the author and W. P».
Saunders Company of Philadel
phia the publisher.
Professor Giese, a former Gug
genheim fellow, has been a mem
ber of the Stanford faculty
since 1929.
