# Quinn Gives Post Office Instructions
## 
### 
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
Mail to be delivered through the
ampus post office should be ad
iressed to Stanford, Calif. The
>ost office is independent of the
me in Palo Alto.
Students are also reminded by
foreman Henry Quinn to file a
•hange of address card if they
;ave moved.
Mail should be addressed to a
jox or General Delivery, not to a
iving group. Mail is ready for
lelivery by 9 a.m. and 2 p.m.
