# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
NEW EVENING
BAGS
in
I
White, gold, silver, pas
tels, and black. Both
plain and figured
NEW ODD SHAPES
$1.00 to $5.00
Walsterjs
355 University Ave.
