# Water Poloists To Face Alumni
## Final All-stars Tilt Winds Up '39 Season 
### 
Winding up the annual spring
practice, Coach Nort Thornton's
varsity water poloists will engage in
a third and final game with the al
star senior-alumni team this after
non at 4:30 o'clock in the Encina
Pools.
In previous tilts the two aggrega
tions have split, (he varsity taking
the first against a depicted alumni
team, a short exhibition at the Jun
ior Water Carnival, by a score a
2-0; and the full grad team swamp
ing the varsity in the second, 6-1.
The alumni will again put in the
tank a team composed entirely of
former all-Pacific Coast Conference
stars, lour of them former Stanford
varsity captains. These will include
Bob Haslacher, goal guard and cap
tain ol the 1936 conference champs;
Wally Wiget, '35 captain, and Don
Peterson, guards; centerback, Har
vey Rothschild; sprint. Bob Hoover:
and left forward either Bill Hanna,
'37 captain, or Johnny Lamb, '38
captain.
The varsity line-up will include
Captain Bob Plate, sprint; either
Dave Nottage or Hadley Bacon, for
ward; at center back. Ihe sensation
of spring practice, Frosh Duncan
Patty; guards, Ted Moreno, all-
Coast of last year, and cither Dick
Hoover or Bob Allen; goal guard.
Roy Vitousek. second string all-
Coast last year.
Other varsity men who will prob
ably be substituted will be Bob
Jamieson, Fred Manwaring, and Bill
Weeden.
The meet will begin at 4:30 o'clock
and will be open to men only.
Births in Portugal last September
numbered 14,956.
