# New Hoover Libe Gets Soil Tests
## 
### 
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
Having installed necessary instru
ments, Mr. F. P. Ulrich of the Coast
and Geodetic Survey yesterday af
ternoon began actual vibration tests
for the foundation of the Hoover
Library on War, Revolution, and
Peace.
According to Mr. Ulrich, the tests
will probably extend over the next
two days. Results will be turned
over to the Stanford vibration de
partment, headed by Professor Ja
cobsen, for interpretation of founda
tion-soil conditions.
In explaining the instruments, Mr.
Ulrich stated that several electro
magnetic seismographs had been
placed at strategic positions around
the library site. Vibrations set up by
the off-center revolution of the
shaking machine in the foundation
pit will be picked up by these seis
mographs and transmitted to a cen
tralized camera which automatically
records all ground vibrations on
motion picture film.
More than half the value of U. S.
imports of agricultural products is
in noncompetitive items like cof
fee, tea, cocoa, raw silk, rubber,
bananas, spices.
