# QUAKES CEASE AT VERDE
## 
### 
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
MANILA, P.1., May 23 (UP). —
Earthquakes which have rocked tiny
Verde Island since May 7 virtually
have ceased and the 2000 inhabitants
who fled fearing the island would be
engulfed are returning to their
homes, Governor Vicente C'aedo of
Batangas informed authorities here
today after a visit to Verde.
Japanese chemists are attempting
to make synthetic tobacco from the
soya bean.
