# No Baseball Game.
## 
### 
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
On account of the rain the base
ball game scheduled to be played
this afternoon between the Varsity
and Presidio nine was called off.
