# Dartmouth Loses a Hall.
## 
### 
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
Dartmouth Hall, one of the
buildings of Dartmouth College at
Hanover, N. H., was burned re
cently, causing a loss of $25,000.
The hall was the oldest building of
the college, and one of the oldest
college buildings in the country.
It was built one hundred and ten
years ago.
