# Dr. Jordan Speaks.
## 
### 
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
At the annual convention of the
Association of American Universi
ties held at New Haven last week,
President Jordan spoke upon "The
Actual and Proper Lines of Distinc
tion Between College and Univer
sity Work."
I)r. Jordan believed the trans
ition from the college to the uni
versity system should he gradual.
The university should grow out of
the college, and should represent
work every way in advance of col
lege work, but with the same
sympathies and the same general
methods.
The ideal college work Dr. Jor
dan considered to be a course last
ing four years in which one subject
is paramount, and with the chance
to do independent work in the last
year. Continuing, the speaker said
in part: ''The university and its
school should stand on the same
grounds with the college, under the
same control, and animated by the
same spirit. The student's subse
quent work for the professional
degree should be the equivalent of
that required for the degree of
doctor of philosophy. The univer
sity professional degree should not
be given in fewer than six or seven
years after matriculation as a
freshman.
" In most institutions it is better
to require four years' work for the
bachelor's degree in addition to the
highest entrance requirements now
existing than to relegate the fourth
year to the professional school.
There should be no abrupt change
either in matter or method at the
end of the undergraduate course."
