# 100 REPORTED MSSACRED
## 
### 
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
TSINAN, Shantung, April 16. (JF)
—Reports that 180 out of the 200
persons in a village near Tenghsien
had been massacred by bandits as a
revenge measure were received here
today.
The death of Nicholas Longworth
narrowed to one the Republican
majority in the new House of Rep
resentatives.
