# TO BE DEDICATED TODAY
## 
### 

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.

The entrance hall of the new women's gymnasium showing the doors
opening onto the patio where the Reunion dinner will be held tomorrow
night.
