# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
A falling body never falls faster
than 118 miles per hour, nor does a
falling person ever lose conscious
ness.
