# Does Away with Brutality.
## 
### 
Tin* hiti'st improvement iii font
hall methods comes from Pontine,
Mich., win* re .Miss Dunliar, a
teacher of gymnastics in the (iirl>"
High School, proposes t.o introduce
1 )elsartcaii methods into the game.
I' nfort una tel v she has so far heen
obliged to coiiline her experiments
to a girls' team, hut if success at
tends her {here is no reason why
Yale and Princeton may not hi
coached next year in the game of
aesthetic foot ha 11. Miss Dunbar
proposes to make the sport hoth
graceful and seemly. A breach of
rules will require immtdiale apol
ogy. J list before the battle opens
the rush line must extend its arms
and give a fluttering motion of lite
lingers. This will signify that the
time is ready to fly with the ball.
When a fair player is fairly held,
instead of ordinary struggling or
perchance kicking, the runner will
''decompose" in the best Delsartean
manner, relaxing all the muscles
a nil sinking to the ear < ii.
Tin* hiti'st improvement iii font
hall methods comes from Pontine,
Mich., win* re .Miss Dunliar, a
teacher of gymnastics in the (iirl>"
High School, proposes t.o introduce
1 )elsartcaii methods into the game.
I' nfort una tel v she has so far heen
obliged to coiiline her experiments
to a girls' team, hut if success at
tends her {here is no reason why
Yale and Princeton may not hi
coached next year in the game of
aesthetic foot ha 11. Miss Dunbar
proposes to make the sport hoth
graceful and seemly. A breach of
rules will require immtdiale apol
ogy. J list before the battle opens
the rush line must extend its arms
and give a fluttering motion of lite
lingers. This will signify that the
time is ready to fly with the ball.
When a fair player is fairly held,
instead of ordinary struggling or
perchance kicking, the runner will
''decompose" in the best Delsartean
manner, relaxing all the muscles
a nil sinking to the ear < ii.
Tin* hiti'st improvement iii font
hall methods comes from Pontine,
Mich., win* re .Miss Dunliar, a
teacher of gymnastics in the (iirl>"
High School, proposes t.o introduce
1 )elsartcaii methods into the game.
I' nfort una tel v she has so far heen
obliged to coiiline her experiments
to a girls' team, hut if success at
tends her {here is no reason why
Yale and Princeton may not hi
coached next year in the game of
aesthetic foot ha 11. Miss Dunbar
proposes to make the sport hoth
graceful and seemly. A breach of
rules will require immtdiale apol
ogy. J list before the battle opens
the rush line must extend its arms
and give a fluttering motion of lite
lingers. This will signify that the
time is ready to fly with the ball.
When a fair player is fairly held,
instead of ordinary struggling or
perchance kicking, the runner will
''decompose" in the best Delsartean
manner, relaxing all the muscles
a nil sinking to the ear < ii.
Tin* hiti'st improvement iii font
hall methods comes from Pontine,
Mich., win* re .Miss Dunliar, a
teacher of gymnastics in the (iirl>"
High School, proposes t.o introduce
1 )elsartcaii methods into the game.
I' nfort una tel v she has so far heen
obliged to coiiline her experiments
to a girls' team, hut if success at
tends her {here is no reason why
Yale and Princeton may not hi
coached next year in the game of
aesthetic foot ha 11. Miss Dunbar
proposes to make the sport hoth
graceful and seemly. A breach of
rules will require immtdiale apol
ogy. J list before the battle opens
the rush line must extend its arms
and give a fluttering motion of lite
lingers. This will signify that the
time is ready to fly with the ball.
When a fair player is fairly held,
instead of ordinary struggling or
perchance kicking, the runner will
''decompose" in the best Delsartean
manner, relaxing all the muscles
a nil sinking to the ear < ii.
Tin* hiti'st improvement iii font
hall methods comes from Pontine,
Mich., win* re .Miss Dunliar, a
teacher of gymnastics in the (iirl>"
High School, proposes t.o introduce
1 )elsartcaii methods into the game.
I' nfort una tel v she has so far heen
obliged to coiiline her experiments
to a girls' team, hut if success at
tends her {here is no reason why
Yale and Princeton may not hi
coached next year in the game of
aesthetic foot ha 11. Miss Dunbar
proposes to make the sport hoth
graceful and seemly. A breach of
rules will require immtdiale apol
ogy. J list before the battle opens
the rush line must extend its arms
and give a fluttering motion of lite
lingers. This will signify that the
time is ready to fly with the ball.
When a fair player is fairly held,
instead of ordinary struggling or
perchance kicking, the runner will
''decompose" in the best Delsartean
manner, relaxing all the muscles
a nil sinking to the ear < ii.
