# Stanford Chess Team Wins From Palo Altans
## 
### 
A chess tournament was played last
night at the Weeks' Ranch at Runny
mede, and Sunnyside, and the Stan
ford chess team. The Stanford team
made a clean sweep, winning eight
games out of nine, and was very
hospitably treated by Mr. Weeks, at
whose ranch the tournament was held.
The shortest game was won by Mandl
from Johnson, and the longest and
most interesting feature of the tour
nament was the game played between
Captain Mueller of the Stanford team
and Captain Weeks of the Palo Alto
team. This game was won by Mueller
in a' out two hours of playing. The
other records of the tournament were:
Riehter won from Simpkins; Anthony
lost to Donapace; Field won from
Drake; Coblentz won from Winnigar;
French won from Mrs. Johnson, and
Briggs win from Mrs. Weeks. Trimble
won a special game from Mrs. Weeks.
