# Having a blast
## 
### 

Henry Hsu — Daily
Residents of Lantana, the commu
nity service dorm, hosted a sci
ence fair for Escondido Elemen
tary School students yesterday.
Above, sophomore Wilmer Huang
introduces a group to the wonders
of liquid nitrogen. Left, senior
Greg Wong launches model rock
ets with one of the students. The
science fair continues through
today.


Henry Hsu — Daily
Residents of Lantana, the commu
nity service dorm, hosted a sci
ence fair for Escondido Elemen
tary School students yesterday.
Above, sophomore Wilmer Huang
introduces a group to the wonders
of liquid nitrogen. Left, senior
Greg Wong launches model rock
ets with one of the students. The
science fair continues through
today.


Henry Hsu — Daily
Residents of Lantana, the commu
nity service dorm, hosted a sci
ence fair for Escondido Elemen
tary School students yesterday.
Above, sophomore Wilmer Huang
introduces a group to the wonders
of liquid nitrogen. Left, senior
Greg Wong launches model rock
ets with one of the students. The
science fair continues through
today.


Henry Hsu — Daily
Residents of Lantana, the commu
nity service dorm, hosted a sci
ence fair for Escondido Elemen
tary School students yesterday.
Above, sophomore Wilmer Huang
introduces a group to the wonders
of liquid nitrogen. Left, senior
Greg Wong launches model rock
ets with one of the students. The
science fair continues through
today.


Henry Hsu — Daily
Residents of Lantana, the commu
nity service dorm, hosted a sci
ence fair for Escondido Elemen
tary School students yesterday.
Above, sophomore Wilmer Huang
introduces a group to the wonders
of liquid nitrogen. Left, senior
Greg Wong launches model rock
ets with one of the students. The
science fair continues through
today.


Henry Hsu — Daily
Residents of Lantana, the commu
nity service dorm, hosted a sci
ence fair for Escondido Elemen
tary School students yesterday.
Above, sophomore Wilmer Huang
introduces a group to the wonders
of liquid nitrogen. Left, senior
Greg Wong launches model rock
ets with one of the students. The
science fair continues through
today.

