# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
Durand House announced the en
gagement of Joan Pinto to Jack
Wood, Sigma Nu.
