# MEMORIAL SOON COMPLETED
## 
### 
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
Work on the installation of plumbing
on the Harold Hatch McAllister Me
morial drinking fountain in Memorial
Court has begun. It is hoped the foun
tain will be complete within two
weeks' time.
The memorial is being constructed
from the savings account of Harold
Hatch McAllister, '26, who was
drowned at Salida beach May 4, 1925.
His mother, Anna Hatch McAllister,
is presenting the fountain to the Uni
versity.

How about saying "Hello" ar. least
once a day?
