# Frehe, Campus Cop, Returns After Two Weeks in Nevada
## 
### 
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
Fred H. Frehe, Foreman of Outside j
Properties, Peace Officer, and ama-!
teur fight referee, has returned to the
campus after a two weeks' vacation t
in Nevada, bringing word of Joe T.
Murphy, '20, the man who boxed his '
way through the University. While at j
Stanford, Murphy was lightweight j
champion, and earned his way by

fighting on the outside under the as
sumed name of Dick Donnelly. Murphy i
is now district attorney of Tonopah I
County, Nevada, and is the father of I
two young boxers.
