# POLYNESIAN CUSTOMS DESCRIBED BY VISITOR
## 
### 
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
Mrs. Cockerell, who has traveled
widely throughout the South Seas, and
who is a teacher of Biology in the
College Preparatory School of Boul
der, Colorado, gave an informal talk
to the women of Roble Hall last Thurs
day evening on the customs of the
Samoan people.

She dwelt upon the charm and hos
pitality of these Polynesians, and told
of the feast of a week's duration of
baked crab, fish, dove, and sugar cane
which they prepared for her and her
niece when they were staying in
Samoa in the house where Robert L.
Stevenson lived. The people told Mrs.
Cockerell about the building of "The
Road of the Loving Hearts" from the
seaport to Stevenson's house, and of
his burial on the hill which he loved,
to which they carried him "shoulder
high arf became a chief."

Mrs. Cockerell described the cloth
ing of the South Sea Islanders and
told of their great admiration for yel
low hair. They bleach their black hair
with lime, or buy flaxen wigs from
Montgomery & Ward to wear in the
ceremonials. She showed specimens of
their cloth, beads, money, and some of
the shells and blue starfish which are
found in the South Seas.
