# ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD HEARS GABRILOWITSCH
## 
### 
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
The largest and most enthusiastic
crowd that has yet attended an out
door concert in Hillsborough heard
Ossip Gabrilowitsch conduct the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra for
the second time last Sunday after
noon.
The applause which greeted the ap
pearance of the Detroit Symphony
Orchestra leader was conclusive tes
timony of the success of his debut in
San Mateo the preceding Sunday. His
program included the overture to Men
delssohn's "Ruy Bias," Wagner's
"Lohengrin" prelude, Beethoven's
Fifth Symphony, the Andante Canta
bile for strings from Tschaikowsky's
Opus 11, and Rimsky-Koraskow's
"Spanish Caprice." Twice the orches
tra was brought to its feet to share
with Gabrilowitsch the general appro
val of the concert.
