# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
The men are especially in
vited to hear the lecture on
Woman's Suffrage, to be given
by Miss Margaret Haley, of
Chicago, at the Delta Gamma
house, on Thursday, 8:15 p.m.
