# ORIGINAL STUNTS WILL FEATURE 1917 JOLLY-UP
## 
### 
Originality in eats and stunts will be
the keynote of the 1917 jolly-up at the
Armory this evening at 8 o'clock. The
dances have been carefully planned by
the committee in charge and the pro
gram will include several straight
dances and ladies' choice numbers.
Contrary to the previous jolly-up cus
tom the roughs will not be invited to
participate. Any view they obtain of
the proceedings must, according to
the decision of the committee, be
strictly from the sidelines. Another
innovation will be the introduction of
a "Paul Jones," just before each inter
mission.
Refreshments will be accompanied
by live entertainment in the form of a
skit by B. M. Melvin, '17, and W. G.
Paul, '15 and selections by the Man
dolin club.
Fifty cents will be the admission
charged, and the payment of class dues
will not be asked at the door.
