# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
Applications for tickets to the big
game opened today at the University of
California for students and faculty
members of the college. Applications
will he open Monday to members of
California Alumni Association.
