# Cathedral of Antwerp Struck.
## 
### 
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
Ghent, via Ostend, Oct. 9. —A Belgian
office.r arriving here yesterday said
that the first shots from the German
guns struck the cathedral. He states
that the German howitzers were being
used with deadly effect 011 the inner
forts; that the smaller artillery was
bombarding the city, and that the ene
my were preserving their 42-centi
meter guns fo.r reducing the forts. The
city is already scarred and blackened.
