# TALK ON JAPAN ENDS FOREIGN SERVICE WEEK
## 
### 
The series of Y. W. C. A. meetings
on the subject of the foreign field,
came to close last evening with a
stereopticon lecture on Japan, by Miss
Margaret*Mathew. The meeting opened
with the singing of the association
song, "Hymn of Lights," written by
Miss Helen Thoburn, '07.
Miss Hazel Beeks, president of the
Christian Association of the San Jose
Normal School, sang "The Lord Ts My
Shepherd." Mrs. ,T. C. B.ranner pre
sided.
A tea was held yesterday at the Delta
Gamma house, at which Miss Mathew
lectured informally on some of her
Japanese experiences, including the
chrysanthemum reception of the Em
peror, and the customs of the daugh
ters of Japan. The hostesses were
members of the Y. W. C. A. Tokio com
mittee, and were dressed in Japanese
costume.
