# Professor King's Recital.
## 
### 
Professor Arthur King of Lon
don gave an interesting recital of
several scenes from Hamlet last
evening in the Assembly Hall, to
which the audience had to be ad
journed from the chapel because of
the large crowd present. A careful
criticism of the reading, prepared
by Mr. L. K. Bassett at the request
of the Daily Palo Alto, cannot be
published until tomorrow, owing to
the lateness of the hour when it
was received.
Professor Arthur King of Lon
don gave an interesting recital of
several scenes from Hamlet last
evening in the Assembly Hall, to
which the audience had to be ad
journed from the chapel because of
the large crowd present. A careful
criticism of the reading, prepared
by Mr. L. K. Bassett at the request
of the Daily Palo Alto, cannot be
published until tomorrow, owing to
the lateness of the hour when it
was received.
Professor Arthur King of Lon
don gave an interesting recital of
several scenes from Hamlet last
evening in the Assembly Hall, to
which the audience had to be ad
journed from the chapel because of
the large crowd present. A careful
criticism of the reading, prepared
by Mr. L. K. Bassett at the request
of the Daily Palo Alto, cannot be
published until tomorrow, owing to
the lateness of the hour when it
was received.
Professor Arthur King of Lon
don gave an interesting recital of
several scenes from Hamlet last
evening in the Assembly Hall, to
which the audience had to be ad
journed from the chapel because of
the large crowd present. A careful
criticism of the reading, prepared
by Mr. L. K. Bassett at the request
of the Daily Palo Alto, cannot be
published until tomorrow, owing to
the lateness of the hour when it
was received.
Professor Arthur King of Lon
don gave an interesting recital of
several scenes from Hamlet last
evening in the Assembly Hall, to
which the audience had to be ad
journed from the chapel because of
the large crowd present. A careful
criticism of the reading, prepared
by Mr. L. K. Bassett at the request
of the Daily Palo Alto, cannot be
published until tomorrow, owing to
the lateness of the hour when it
was received.
Professor Arthur King of Lon
don gave an interesting recital of
several scenes from Hamlet last
evening in the Assembly Hall, to
which the audience had to be ad
journed from the chapel because of
the large crowd present. A careful
criticism of the reading, prepared
by Mr. L. K. Bassett at the request
of the Daily Palo Alto, cannot be
published until tomorrow, owing to
the lateness of the hour when it
was received.
Professor Arthur King of Lon
don gave an interesting recital of
several scenes from Hamlet last
evening in the Assembly Hall, to
which the audience had to be ad
journed from the chapel because of
the large crowd present. A careful
criticism of the reading, prepared
by Mr. L. K. Bassett at the request
of the Daily Palo Alto, cannot be
published until tomorrow, owing to
the lateness of the hour when it
was received.
