# Adv. 22 Page 11
## 
### 
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
ANNOUNCEMENTS
Cash rebates on all your online
purchases! Sharper Image,
Nordstrom, Office Max & More!
www.s4zero.com
AUTOS
90 Ford Taurus well maintained,
comfortable $ 1,950 650-961 -5967
CHILDCARE
NEED Caregiver for 2 boys 6&9 wk
days 2-6pm; stfd student/spouse
ok, must own car, 650.559.8888
Sitter needed for some Thursday
and Saturday evenings. Two very
nice girls, 11 and 8. $ 10/ hr.
Call Terry at 650-233-8882 or
email terrv@iudostrateav.com
COMPUTERS
Low cost comps, repairs, graphic
design. Jonathan 650-329-9074
Write for
The Daily.
