# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
Those organizations which are
planning to entertain after the In
tercollegiate game should remember
that the football show comes first
and that in order to ensure a pro
per celebration at the "College Wid
ower" there should be no rival jol
lifications. The "Beauty Shop," giv
en two years ago after the big game,
was hardly an example of what a
football show after a victory should
be. Not only was the attendance
poor, but the rooters were scatter
ed all over the house and appeared
afraid to make a little noise. The
proper enthusiasm was lacking and
the whole show fell rather flat. To
guard against a repetition of this
failure everyone should plan to go
to Assembly Hall the evening of No
vember 9 and go there with the idea
of carrying the affair along with
plenty of spirit. The management
is considering seating the rooters
in the center of the house in order
to make possible organized singing
and yelling. This is an excellent
idea and if the various organiza
tions will co-operate by postponing
their functions until later in the ev
ening it will materially assist in
making the annual football show
what it should be.
