# BEARS LIMBER UP
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27* (UP)— The
University of California Bears ran
through a light "limbering up"
workout today after their bruising
thumping at the hands of Southern
California Saturday, and Coach
Lynn (Pappy) Waldorf said, "The
boys seem ready to settle down and
work."
Waldorf indicated there would be !
no let-down in the team's spirit.
