# SETTLEMENT NEAR
## 
### 
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
PORTLAND. Ore., May 30 (/Pi.—
Assurance was expressed in authori
tative quarters today that wide
spread settlement of the northwfcst
lumber strike was swiftly drawing
toward realization.
