# Guttero Ranks First In 'Daily Trojan' Poll
## 
### 
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
U.S.C., May 30 (CII'A, by Radio).
—Lee Guttero, all coast basketball
player, leads after the first day's
balloting in a poll by The Daily Tro
jan to determine the outstanding S.C.
athlete for the past year upon the
S.C. campus.
Gilhula's feat >of smashing 13
world's swimming records in one
afternoon is considered the outstand
ing single U.S.C. achievement of the
year, according to the balloting
which continues until Tuesday.
