# TRADE BALANCE DIPS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
WASHINGTON, May 30 (/I 3 ).—An
unfavorable balance in the nation's
foreign trade in April—for the first
time since August, 1933—was re
ported today by the Department of
Commerce.
