# Orchesis Adds New Dances
## 
### 
Three dances — "Design," "Two
Preludes," and "Elegy" — were in
troduced in the Orchesis concert
Friday night which were not pre
sented on Thursday. They took the
place of "With Rings and Bells,"
Suite of Moods," and "Dance of the
Sacrifice."
' Design," choreographed by Sally
Halbert, lived up to its name and
took it., inspiration fioin a finger
painting. 'Two Preludes" was an
excellent example of true modern
dance and was choreographed to
Gershwin's music by Lor a Lee
Dockstader. It consisted of two
parts, the first slow and measured
dancing, the second quick and j
spontaneous.
Elegy" was choreographed by !
Carol Holgerson to a record of
ViUa-Lubobeautiful "Brachianus
Brasileiras" with Bidu Sayao sing
ing. The lyrical dance was framed
against a modern orange and yellow
backdrop and seemed to he com
posed of continuous, flowing move
ment that expressed both love and
pain.
1! On° of the highlights of both
evenings was "Chance Encounter." 1
which concluded the program. Hel
en Gaylord's choreography showed
a eir itive perception of "The Gar
dens" by Rabindranath Tagore,
with four people meeting and dei
veloping a theme from half-forgot
ten memories and associations. Dh
vid Johnson's original music com
plemented both the dance and the
poetry.—A. T.
