# Picture Series To Be Given By 'Intermezzo'
## 
### 
"Intermezzo,' the regualr Stan
ford Library program devoted to
discussions and lectures about
books and authors, will inaugurate
a new feature in its series this
spring.
Staitinj tomorrow, ' Intermezzo"
will present a special series of mo
tion pictures based on famous
books. The first film will be John
Steinbeck's "Of Mice and Men."'
Other films to be shown will be
Charles Dickens' "Great Expecta
tions" April 22, "Odd Man Out" by
F. L. Green May 6, and Somerset
Maugham's "Quartet" May 20.
All films on the "Intermezzo" se
ries will be shown in Cubberley
Auditorium, School of Education.
Students, members of the Stanford
staff, and local residents will be
welcome to attend without charpe.
The showings will all stait at 4:15
p.m.
