# Annual Junior Water Carnival Theme Chosen
## 
### 
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
"The History of Water Transpor
tation" is the theme of the Junior
Watei Carnival, which will be held
Sunday, April 20. The annual float
parade will start at 2 p.m., preceded
by men's and women's competitive
water games, Jack Skinner, chair
man of the event, has announced.
Living groups planning to enter
floats must sign up at the ASSU of
fice by Wednesday, April 16. In
ease of duplicate entries the group
dining up first will be given pref
erence.
Four trophies will be awarded
for the most original, most descrip
tive, most humorous, and sweep
stake . float".
Prizes will also be awarded for
winners in the water games. In the
men's division there will be three
events—a blindfold canoe race, a
iousting contest, and a canoe race.
The women's division will have two
competitions — a canoe-filling con
test and a nightgown relay. Stu
dents may sign up for the races in
their living groups.
