# Three Companies Need Engineers
## 
### 
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
Three firms will visit the campus
today and tomorrow to interview
graduate and undergraduate engi
neers interested in positrons with
aviation or oil companies. Inter
ested students may apply at the
Placement Service for appoint
ments.
North American Aviation, Inc.,
representatives will interview June
graduates in all fields of engineer
ing or in physics to fill research
development, and design positions.
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation
representatives want to see B.S. or
M.S. graduates in aeronautical,
civil, electrical, or mechanical en
gineering.
Stanolind Oil and Gas Company
representatives from Fort Worth,
Texas, will interview June and Sep
tember graduates in all fields oi
engineering for positions as engi
neering trainees, and men who have
had previous oil expereince lor po
sitions as junior petroleum engi
neers.
