# BILL THIRD STANFORD BEAR
## 
### 
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
When Bill McColl joins the Chi
cago Bears he will become the
third Stanford man to have played
for Halas' "Monsters of the Mid
way."
