# Standard Oil Offers Latin American Jobs
## 
### 
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
Representatives from Standard
Oil of New Jersey and their over
seas personnel office will he here
today to interview students for jobs
in Latin America.
They are interested in June and
August grads in chemistry and ge
ography and chemical, industrial,
mechanical, and electrical engineer
ing. Students should make appoint
ments at the Placement Service for
interviews.
