# Fiats Seek New Members
## 
### 
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
Eligible men wishing to join Stan
ford fraternities are asked to contact
Dick Fayram. Interfraternity Board
Chairman, or a fraternity president
to obtain rushing preference cards.
First quarter freshmen and men on
probation are not eligible.

Meeting to discuss mutual prob
lems, all fraternity men on cam
pus will gather 7:*»0 p.m. on
Thursday in E-2. Education Build
ing, according to Dick Fayram.
Chairman of the Interfraternity
Board.
At the meeting, the report of the
Post-War Planning Committee will
be explained, and questions cur
rently arising in the fraternity
groups will try to be answered.

"These cards," explained Fayram.
"do not constitute a pledge or com
mitment to a fraternity, but merely
a desire on the student's part to
know more about a certain house."
With the approval of the Intel
fraternity Board, the "houses" may
pledge and initiate members. No
fraternity living groups have been
resumed since their temporary dis
bandment last year.
