# Fight over "Daily Californian."
## 
### 
A factional fight in which four
fraternities are mixed is being
waged at Berkeley over the control
of the Daily Californian for the
coming semester. The Phi Delta
Theta and Delta Upsilon fraterni
ties are on one side of the contest,
endeavoring to elect their candi
date —a member of the Delta Upsi
lon—as business manager; while
opposed to them are the Kappa
Sigma and Phi Sigma Delta frater
nities, who are advocating the
choice of a freshman to this posi
tion.
The troubles of the two factions
are being publicly aired through
the columns of the Daily Califor
nian and the Occident, and much
excitement over the contest has
been created in Berkeley.
