# English Play Rehearsal.
## 
### 
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
The first rehearsal of the cast of
the "Knight of the Burning Pestle"
was held yesterday afternoon. It
was conducted by Professor Alden
and Mr. Bassett, who discussed the
plans for the play and their con
ceptions of some of the parts. The
epilogue and first act were gone
over with great promise of success.
The next meeting of the dramatis
personae is set for the evening of
Wednesday next in the English
seminary room.
