# Chuck White Chosen As Leader Of Rugby Club
## 
### 
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
Choosing Chuck White to act as
president and captain during the
1933-34 season, the Stanford Rugby
Club met at a banquet last Sunday
and decided to continue rugby as an
informal sport in which any Stan
ford student may participate at will.
The meeting was concerned with
an exchange of compliments, a Dink
Templeton-Dr. Frank Angell verbal
duel, and with the prospect of Uni
versity interference with rugfoy. It
was decided not to request financial
aid from Stanford, although alumni
subscriptions may be accepted.
Aylett Cotton will act as treasurer
of the club next year, and Rod
Lewis as secretary. These two and
White succeed Norman Cleaveland
whose activity this year has made
rugby possible.
While at Cornell, Bill Tilden was
not even a ranking tennis player.
