# Crew Opens Workouts
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
Stanford's varsity and frosh crews
have started 5 a.m. workouts at the
Palo Alto Yacht Harbor in prepara
tion for USC this Saturday. After
two-a-day workouts during vaca
tion, the rowers are rounding into
shape for seven meets this quarter.
Harry Buchalter has volunteered
his services as coach for the year
and will be assisted by Frank Jame
son, who will act as frosh coach.
Bill Findlay, Pete Paup, Stan
Lewis, and George Toepfer are the
returning veterans from last year's
varsity. Findlay is the captain.
Both varsity and JV's will row
against USC this weekend. The JV
race is,at 10:30 and the varsity fol
lows at 11. Both are over a 2,000-
meter course.
Following the USC race, the pad
dlers will meet Oregon State in
Corvallis, UCLA here, USC in Los
Angeles, and then the Big Row with
Cal on May 22 before entering the
Newport Harboi* Regatta and pos
sibly the Nationals at Syracuse on
June 1!J.
