# IRESON TO SPEAK
## 
### 
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
W Grant Irpson, nrnfessor of m
dustrial rngienering herc,*will ■ neak
tomorrow niffht to flic San Fran
cisco-Oakland chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Industrial Engi
neers. His topic will he "Everyday
Statistical Tools for Industrial En
gineers" and Professor Ireson will
describe the particular statistical
tools which industrial engineers
should use.
