# Yesterday's Track Try-Out.
## 
### 
The track was in fairly good con
dition for the quarter-mile try-out
yesterday, but the run was delayed
by the class baseball game so long
that the cold evening wind had
arisen before the men started. This
affected several men considerably.
About ten men entered the race and
nearly all finished in good time for
the day. Four men—Smith, Strout,
Williams, and Ghadbourne — fin
ished well bunched in less than a
minute.
The track was in fairly good con
dition for the quarter-mile try-out
yesterday, but the run was delayed
by the class baseball game so long
that the cold evening wind had
arisen before the men started. This
affected several men considerably.
About ten men entered the race and
nearly all finished in good time for
the day. Four men—Smith, Strout,
Williams, and Ghadbourne — fin
ished well bunched in less than a
minute.
The track was in fairly good con
dition for the quarter-mile try-out
yesterday, but the run was delayed
by the class baseball game so long
that the cold evening wind had
arisen before the men started. This
affected several men considerably.
About ten men entered the race and
nearly all finished in good time for
the day. Four men—Smith, Strout,
Williams, and Ghadbourne — fin
ished well bunched in less than a
minute.
The track was in fairly good con
dition for the quarter-mile try-out
yesterday, but the run was delayed
by the class baseball game so long
that the cold evening wind had
arisen before the men started. This
affected several men considerably.
About ten men entered the race and
nearly all finished in good time for
the day. Four men—Smith, Strout,
Williams, and Ghadbourne — fin
ished well bunched in less than a
minute.
The track was in fairly good con
dition for the quarter-mile try-out
yesterday, but the run was delayed
by the class baseball game so long
that the cold evening wind had
arisen before the men started. This
affected several men considerably.
About ten men entered the race and
nearly all finished in good time for
the day. Four men—Smith, Strout,
Williams, and Ghadbourne — fin
ished well bunched in less than a
minute.
The track was in fairly good con
dition for the quarter-mile try-out
yesterday, but the run was delayed
by the class baseball game so long
that the cold evening wind had
arisen before the men started. This
affected several men considerably.
About ten men entered the race and
nearly all finished in good time for
the day. Four men—Smith, Strout,
Williams, and Ghadbourne — fin
ished well bunched in less than a
minute.
