# Geology and Mining Club Holds Reunion for Alumni
## 
### 
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
The reunion and initiation held by the
Geology and Mining club Thursday night
was featured by the presence of a num
ber of graduates who were former mem
bers of the society. Besides the usual
initiation stunts practiced on the new
members, speeches were made by the re
turned alumni at a barbecue dinner pre
pared in the hills back of the campus.
The following alumni attended the re
union: W. R. Hamilton, Benjamin Hake,
Stanley Herold, Roy Moore", M. Kildale,
Alfred Masters, Ernest Parks. William
Burdick.

The O. A. C. rifle team won the
national intercollegiate rifle match
just completed.
