# Branner Club Will Give Spring Formal Tonight
## 
### 
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
At 9 o'clock tonight the members of
Branner Club will give their spring for
mal in the club ballroom. The ballroom,
formerly the Branner dining hall, has
been adorned by H. F. Smith and his
corps of assistants. The music will be
furnished by one of Henry Halstcad's
orchestras.
