# Senior Gets Scholarship For Grad Work at Yale
## 
### 
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
Charles O. Frake, a senior, has
been awarded a scholarship for
graduate study in anthropology by
Yale University.
Frake will specialize in Southeast
Asia studies.
