# HIGH VOLTAGE DISCUSSED
## Professor H.J. Ryan Gives Demonstration and Lecture to Science Association 
### 
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
The first meeting of the Science As
sociation of the Faculty Club, held
last night in the high voltage labora
tory of the Electrical Engineering de
partment, was attended by about forty
faculty members and students.
Professor H. J. Ryan, assisted by P.
O. Crawford, a graduate student in the
department, gave a demonstration of
the many interesting phases of high
pressure electricity, at both high and
low frequencies, pointing out the im
portance of this kind of research in
developing information indispensable
to those working in modern high volt
age electrical engineering.
