# Elaborate Setting Has Been Procured For Play Tomorrow
## 
### 
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
The most elaborate stage setting
that has ever been used in an Assem
bly Hall production will be disclosed
tomorrow evening when the curtain
rises on "Stop Thief." This scene,
with its real doors has been made
especially for Sword and Sandals by
the Columbia Theatre Studio.
Realism will be added to the scene
in every way possible. A real safe
will be used in the play and has been
moved to the Assembly Hall for that
purpose.
A sixteen piece orchestra has been
engaged for the evening which will
represent the best student talent in
that direction.
As for the play itself, policemen,
thieves, detectives, engagements and
marriages are all contained in enter
taining numbers in "Stop Thief." Usu
ally one of these elements is consid
ered enough to make a play, but in
tomorrow's performance the audience
will be given all in full measure.
The policemen, headed by the re
doubtable M. D. Flowers, 'IS, are as
siduous but harmless. The thieves,
impersonated by Miss Esther Liver
sidge, '17, and Buford Williams, '16,
are easily the most interesting and
likeable of all the characters. They
turn the laugh on the detective in a
fashion which leaves us no doubt as
to the side on which our sympathies
are enlisted.
