# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
The athletic committee of Yale Uni
versity have engaged William Lauder,
a former Philadelphia and New York
National League ball player, to coach
the Yale baseball team during the
coming season.
