# Rhodes Scholarship Examination Held
## 
### 
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
Examinations for the Rhodes schol
arships were held yesterday in the
council room of the University under
the direction of Dr. A. T. Murray of
the Greek department. G. T. Hum
phreys, who was a student at Stanford
in 1913 and who later transferred to
Amherst College was the only one to
take the examination. Any male stu
dent who has completed two years of
college work is qualified. The candi
date must have interest in athletics
and all those things which tend to
ward the moral benefit of the student.
