# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
The Men's Conference will meet
promptly at 7:30 this evening in the
Council Chamber, to allow completion
of business before the Kreisler con
cert is begun.
