# VILLAGE 216
## Dostai Hall Is Official Name 
### 
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
Village 216 was officially renamed
Dostai Hall yesterday after a month
long debate within and without a
specially appointed naming com
mittee.
Dostai is an Afghan word mean
ing "friendship." The name was
suggested by Karim Nusratty, a
graduate student from Afghanistan.
"In Afghan writing, Dostai re
sembles a bunch of snakes of differ
ent shapes and sizes, just like the
motley assemblage of our diversi
fied barracks dwellers," Weide said.
Letters and phone calls should now
be directed to the new address, he
added.
