# Debaters to Speak At St. Mary's Meet
## 
### 
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
Four Stanford debaters will par
ticipate in a tournament at St.
Mary's College tonight at 7. Attend
ing will be Virginia Patterson, Ar
liss Barnes, Mike Hudson, and
Bruce McElroy.
The topic for debate will be the
proposition: "Resolved, that the
United States adopt a policy of free
trade."
Representatives of St. Mary's,
Stockton, and College of Pacific will
also participate in the tournament.
