# ONE-ACTS DEADLINE
## 
### 
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
Today at 5 p.m. is the deadline for
applications for the three directors
and technical director for the Win
ter One-Acts, Ram's Head officials
announced yesterday. Interested
persons should apply to the Ram's
Head office, Room 13 in the Nitery.
