# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
Whether you go home or
no . . .
You should have books
For this Thanksgiving
vacation . . .
For gifts—you might
give one to your
family, you know
For travelling—A book
for train reading
should gain much
favor with her.
For yourself—Read a
book over vacation.
Come down and be
convinced.
The Alcove
Bookshop
530 RAMONA ST.
