# PHONE RATES UNCHANGED
## 
### 
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
According to telephone officials of
Santa Clara county, the increase of
rates that will soon be put into effect
in the San Francisco bay district will
not affect either Palo Alto or the
Stanford campus.
