# Union Governors Will Meet Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
The Union Board of Governors will
hold a meeting tomorrow night in the
new Union. At this time the work of
the coming year will be outlined.
