# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lv this evening's celebration two
figures that were prominent, in last
year's rally will be missed: First,
our President, to whom a football
victory means almost as much as a
favorable decision from the Supreme
Court; the other, one whose services
to us in the past make us forever
indebted to him —the Father of
Football, Walter Camp.
Lv this evening's celebration two
figures that were prominent, in last
year's rally will be missed: First,
our President, to whom a football
victory means almost as much as a
favorable decision from the Supreme
Court; the other, one whose services
to us in the past make us forever
indebted to him —the Father of
Football, Walter Camp.
Lv this evening's celebration two
figures that were prominent, in last
year's rally will be missed: First,
our President, to whom a football
victory means almost as much as a
favorable decision from the Supreme
Court; the other, one whose services
to us in the past make us forever
indebted to him —the Father of
Football, Walter Camp.
Lv this evening's celebration two
figures that were prominent, in last
year's rally will be missed: First,
our President, to whom a football
victory means almost as much as a
favorable decision from the Supreme
Court; the other, one whose services
to us in the past make us forever
indebted to him —the Father of
Football, Walter Camp.
Lv this evening's celebration two
figures that were prominent, in last
year's rally will be missed: First,
our President, to whom a football
victory means almost as much as a
favorable decision from the Supreme
Court; the other, one whose services
to us in the past make us forever
indebted to him —the Father of
Football, Walter Camp.
