# PAN-HELL
## Sororities Elect New Officers 
### 
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
Dorothy Suppiger was elected
president of Pan-Hellenic Council
for the coming year through a bloc
vote by the sororities last night.
Helen Schwab was chosen vice
president, and Nancy Haskins was
chosen secretary-treasurer.
They will succeed Hank Wallace,
president; Elizabeth Griffin, vice
president; and Joyce Wallace, secre
tary-treasurer.
Spring quarter quotas for the so
rorities will be set this week by
Dean Mary Yost after individual
conferences with house representa
tives.
A report on the three committees
working on the sorority problem was
made at the regular weekly meeting
of Pan-Hellenic held yesterday.
Solution of the problem of feeding
pledges was discussed, and the way
in which each individual house has
solved it was mentioned. An effort
is being made not to lose contact
with the pledges.
