# Debate Tryouts Continue Tonight
## 
### 
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
The fourth practice debate tryout
for the Joffre Debate Tournament
will be held tonight after the Tues
day Evening Series program in the
Education Auditorium.
The topic will be some phase of
the general subject, "The Struggle
for Power Among the French Fac
tions." It is probable, said Profes
sor Emerson, that tonight's discus
sion will follow trends similar to
those of last night's meeting. Last
night the tryoutees discussed the
historical background of the Liber
alise Democratic, Fascist, and Mon
archist parties in France since the
establishment of the Third Repub
lic in 1875.
Professor Emerson expects to have
the three members of the Stanford
team chosen by the end of the week,
and the aspirants narrowed down to
lour by tomorrow.
