# KIRKWOOD ADDRESSES WRANGLERS MEETING
## 
### 
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
Professor Kirkwood of the Stanford
Law School last night addressed a
meeting of Wranglers on the subject
of Community Property. In his talk,
ho showed how all legislation in this
country which dealt with this problem
tended to give the women more and
more rights, until now the wife had
half the ownership of all property ac
quired after marriage.
