# BABE TENNIS TEAM AND BERKELEY HIGH TO MEET TOMORROW
## 
### 
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
Stanford's first-year tennis men will
meet the Berkeley High School team to
morrow at 9:30 on the local courts. The
visitors are expected to offer some good
competition for the yearling net stars.
The reputation of having the best prep
school tennis aggregation in the bay
regions is possessed by the Berkeleyans.
However, the record of the Cardinal
babes assures victory by a considerable
margin. The '24 players dropped only
one match to California this year, the
second doubles, which was lost after a
set' had been annexed by each side.
