# MOONEY TRIAL REOPENS TODAY IN S.F. COURT
## 
### 
Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

Thomas J. Mooncy goes on trial again today on a charge of complicity in the Preparedness Day parade
bombing in 1!M(J. He is shown (right) leaving San Quentin penitentiary for San Francisco. At left he is
shown being greeted hy his wife, Rena Mooney, in the San Francisco jail.

