# JUDGE ON TRIAL BEFORE SENATE
## 
### 

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)

Federal Judge Harold Louderback (center) of San Francisco, first
defendant in impeachment proceedings to face the senate in a score of
years, flanked by his attorneys, Walter H. Linforth (left) and James
M. Hanley in the office of the sergeant of arms for a summons to the
chamber. (Associated Press Photo)
