# Award Debate Cups Thursday
## 
### 
At the banquet of the debating
team to be held at the Union Thurs
day evening, cups will he awarded
to seniors who have been outstand
ing debaters during their years at
Provision is made that
seniors, to receive such an award,
must be in a major debate during
their senior year. Varsity debate
keys will be awarded to men who
have competed in a minimum of
three debates.
The Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer plaque
will be awarded to the entire team
by Professor Lee Emerson Bassett.
Prominent alumni of Delta Sigma
Rho who will attend the banquet
include Daniel Bryant, chairman, a
member of the Stanford debate team
that toured the Hawaiian Islands
several years ago.
Seniors who wiil receive awards
; re: Wayne Bannister, Leonard
Bloom, James Feely, Raymond Han
son, David J. McDaniel, Mary-Kath
erine Morris, Bromley Smith, Jo
seph Wolf, and Frank Fullenwider.
Varsity debaters who will receive
debate keys arc: Oscar Baer, An
drew Bright, Fred Bold, Carl Kuch
man, W. Spencer Thompson, Joseph
Fessio, Robert Grantier, Rollin
Woodbury, and James Minor.
