# Responsibility For Peace Put On European Powers
## 
### 
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
ROME, M;iy 22 . (^P)—England,
Germany, France, and Italy were
held responsible today by Under
secretary for Foreign Affairs Fulvio
Suvich "for peace or war in Europe
and the world."
The informal acceptance by these
natoins of Mussolini's four-power
peace pact, however, does not mean
there is "less desire and necessity
for collaboration" with the smaller
states of Europe in observing peace,
Suvich added.
