# Cracked By Quake
## 
### 

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —

A trapper standing astride one ol
hundreds of cracks broken in the
earth's surface in Alaska during a
series of heavy earthquake shocks
which were felt in the vicinity of
Anchorage. Some of the ruptures
were thousands of feet long and ex
tended deep into the earth. (Asso !
ciated Press Photo)
. —
