# Adv. 18 Page 3
## 
### 
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
LMfIGNIN&OT. -
'^wbfc j
iJH
CASUAL
CPriufs for the younger set, in the blyiho
spirit of Springtime . . . dark backgrounds
with amusing motifs...tiny floral designs in
contrasting colors...oil with a finesse and
charm typically Magnin, essentially Rao
leigh. 12 to 20 25^
