# THANKS ARE IN ORDER
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
The Editor, Sir:
We should like to voice our ap
proval, and io congratulate the staff
upon its adoption of the policy of j
printing contemporary editorials. |
Too, we note with approval the
quality of the editorials printed so
far. In addition to giving us some
thing of which to think, you give us
a sense of contact with our con
temporaries that is stimulating. For
this we thank you all, with the hope
that this orchid has been flung not
too soon.
Hospital Boys,
Committee on Improvements
