# Speaks on Settlement Work.
## 
### 
Mis√ü 0. Briggs spoke before a
large number of college women in
room 68 Wednesday afternoon.
She expressed her appreciation and
enthusiasm for the work that is be
ing undertaken by the college stu
dents and for their interest in col
lege settlements. She stated that
the aristocracy of college culture
was almost as narrow as that of
wealth, and such a broadening in
fluence was sorely needed. She
distinguished between the "social
settlement" and the "home settle
ment," declaring that the latter
proved its right as a home among
the people, while the former was
but a growth on the district and
had not the requisite acquaintance
with the poor.
