# Will Limit Concessions.
## 
### 
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
The football management wishes
to announce that positively the
only concession which will be per
mitted inside of the football (ield
on the day of the intercollegiate
game will be that of the souvenir
programs. No venders of any sort
will be allowed on the campus ex
cept by special consent, and the
concessions will be limited to a
small number, perhaps including a
few pennant and Hag sellers, and
some means of furnishing meals to
those in attendance at the game.
