# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
Isolation Hospital: Robert Rick
lefs.
3len's K<'st Home.: Eduardo
Daros, Jim Her roll, David Krot
ter, Ralph Marron. Byron North,
Peter Vervurmen.
Palo Alto Hospital: Jacquelyne
Carrol, James Tetley, Mardi Trim
ble.
Women'sHHist< i st Home: Mildred
Amiie.
