# Nestorian's Program.
## 
### 
The following program will be
rendered at the meeting of the Nes
torian Literary Society, Saturday
evening at 7:30 in room 11: Ex
tempore speech; oration, Howard,
'98; extempore debate by two
members; regular debate,"Resolved,
That congress should take immed
iate steps for the complete retire
ment of all legal tender and treas
ury notes."
The following program will be
rendered at the meeting of the Nes
torian Literary Society, Saturday
evening at 7:30 in room 11: Ex
tempore speech; oration, Howard,
'98; extempore debate by two
members; regular debate,"Resolved,
That congress should take immed
iate steps for the complete retire
ment of all legal tender and treas
ury notes."
The following program will be
rendered at the meeting of the Nes
torian Literary Society, Saturday
evening at 7:30 in room 11: Ex
tempore speech; oration, Howard,
'98; extempore debate by two
members; regular debate,"Resolved,
That congress should take immed
iate steps for the complete retire
ment of all legal tender and treas
ury notes."
The following program will be
rendered at the meeting of the Nes
torian Literary Society, Saturday
evening at 7:30 in room 11: Ex
tempore speech; oration, Howard,
'98; extempore debate by two
members; regular debate,"Resolved,
That congress should take immed
iate steps for the complete retire
ment of all legal tender and treas
ury notes."
The following program will be
rendered at the meeting of the Nes
torian Literary Society, Saturday
evening at 7:30 in room 11: Ex
tempore speech; oration, Howard,
'98; extempore debate by two
members; regular debate,"Resolved,
That congress should take immed
iate steps for the complete retire
ment of all legal tender and treas
ury notes."
