# Asilomar Roundup Delayed
## 
### Absence of Speaker 
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
The Asilomar roundup which was
scheduled for Sunday has been post
poned to May 23 because the Reverend
J. Stitt Wilson was unable to be pres
ent and speak at the date originally
set.
Pians for tne affair are the same as
previously outlined by Leonard Wil
bur, chairman of the roundup commit
tee. \
