# La 						Honda Picnic Planned At German Club Meeting
## 
### 
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
Plans for a club picnic were formu
lated at the meeting of German Club
which was held in the Women's Club
house last night. The picnic will be
held at La Honda, and is scheduled
for Saturday, May 22. After a short
business discussion, the meeting was
turned over for social purposes.
