# QUITE A SNAKY COAT
## 
### 

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)

Mrs. Phil Rosen of Hollywood,
Calif., displays the coat she design
ed and made from the skins of nine
pythons. (Associated Press Photo)
