# TRAINS WRECKED
## 
### 
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
JEMISON, Ala., April 14 (/P). —An
unidentified transient was burned to
death and two others were believed
missing in the wreck of a Louisville
and Nashville freight train near here
today. An oil car explosion, setting
fire to the wreckage, destroying 13
of the 21 cars that left the tracks.
