# ATTACK OF GRIPPE CONFINES CARDINAL STAR TO HOSPITAL
## Temporary Loss of Nelson David Weakens Varsity For U.S.C. Game 
### 
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
Nelson David, forward on the var
sity basketball team, was taken to the
Palo Alto Hospital late yesterday
afternoon when he was found to be
suffering from the grippe. Dr. E. F.
Roth, attending physician, states that
David will be confined for fonr or five
days.
David's loss to the Cardinal squad
will seriously cripple the varsity in
the University of Southern California-
Stanford contest next Saturday in the
pavilion. Although defeated by Cali
fornia, and trimmed by the Utah Ag
gies 56 to 17, the Trojans will seri
ously press the Redshirt», crippled by
the absence of David, who is one of
the most consistent of the Card for
wards.
An epidemic of colds,, grippe, and in
fluenza in this vicinity has become
serious enough to compel Dr. W. H.
Barrow, Stanford Medical Advisor, to
request students not to visit the pa
tients in the Palo Alto Hospital.
