# ROBLE JOLLY-UP TOMORROW
## 
### 
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
The first jolly-up of the winter quar
ter will be held tomorrow night from
6:30 to 8 o'clock at Roble. Although
the meeting is primarily for freshmen,
members of other classes are welcome
lo come.
