# U.S.C. to Place Golf On Major Sport List
## 
### 
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
Golf will be included in the list of
major sports at the University of
Southern California, according to an
announcement made by Aubrey De
vine, former Ail-American quarterback
of Ohio State and present assistant
coach to Howard Jones, football men
tor at the Los Angeles institution.
Devine, who will coach the golfers,
will enter a two-man team in the na
tional collegiate championship tourna
ment which will be held at Del Monte
in April.
