# SWAIN TALKS AT SAN JOSE
## 
### 
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
Acting-President Robert E. Swain
will address a student assembly this
morning at San Jose State College.
Dr. Swain will speak on "Some Obser
vations on Conditions in Europe."
