# Student Committee Applications Open
## 
### 
Applications are now available
at the ASSU office for three
student positions on the
committee on Research of the
Academic Council. Completed
applications are due back at the
office by Thursday, November 13.

The committee reviews
proposals and existing programs
of research, policies involving
research personnel, policies and
individual cases involving patent
rights and related problems. The
committee reports to the
Academic Council at least once
each academic year.
The committee's membership
consists of seven members of the
Academic Council, one research
staff member who is not a
member of the Academic Council,
and three students. The chief
University administrative officer
for research is an ex-officio
member of the community, and
serves without a vote.
Applications are also available
in the ASSU office for positions
on the Committee on
Nominations. The Committee on
Nominations is responsible for
nominating students to all ad hoc
and standing committees of the
university president and the
Academic Senate. The committee
will also nominate students for
five standing committees of the
Board of Trustees. Applications
are due Tuesday, November 11.
More Committee Posts
Also available are applications
for three undergraduate positions
on the Political Science
Committee on Undergraduate
Studies. Membership on this
committee is not limited to
political science majors.
Applications are due Thursday,
November 13.
Four applications are available
for positions in the
Student-Faculty Employment
Committee. These applications,
too, are due on November 1 3.
And, students interested in
serving on an Advisory Committee
to the Dean of Students should
pick up an application and return
the same to the ASSU office by
the 13th. This committee will
meet regularly with the Dean of
Students on an informal basis to
advise the Dean on student affairs.
