# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
HELP WANTED
Student coordinator for
scholastic employment pro
gram. Requires 3 hours per
week. Very remunerative
position. Send brief resume
with phone number.
Personal Director
General Academic Placement
101 South Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pa. 19107
