# Symphony Forum To Feature Krips
## 
### 
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
Maestro Josef Krips of the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra
will be a guest of honor tonight
at the Stanford Symphony For
um's meeting in Tresidder large
lounge.
Other guests will include Phi
lippe Entremont, who will appear
with the orchestra this week to
conduct the Prokofieff Third
Piano Concerto, and Mrs. Krips.
The meeting will be at 8:30 p.m.
and is open to the public.
Maestro Krip will give a short
talk and then answer questions
from the audience.
