# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
"Egad, don't you
ever stop reading
8.D.A.P.?"
Friday - Saturday
JOHNNY MACK BROWN
"UNDER ARIZONA
SKIES"
and
"MY BUDDY"
with
DONALD BARRY
RUTH TERRY
Sunday
CLARK CABLE
LORETTA YOUNC
JACK OAKIE
"CALL OF THE WILD"
and
LAUREL ,ind HARDY
"THE BIC NOISE"
Sunday Evening
MOVIES
LAURA'
starring
DANA ANDREV/S
GENE TIERNEY
—and—
"PHANTOM
EMPIRE"
(continued from winter
quarter)
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM
7 :30 p.m. 20c tax incl.
