# Farm Plans Music Fete
## 
### 
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
Stanford will present a spring mu
sic festival during April and May,
with programs ranging in variety
from chamber music to comic op
era, according to a recent release
from the Music Department.
Opening event in the festival will
be a chamber music program Tues
day. April 15, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Auditorium. One of the regu
lar Tuesday Evening Series, it will
be open to the pumlic without
charge. The recital will include
lluee sonatas played by Dr. Cros
ten, pianist, and Arnold Small, vio
linist, and two groups ot songs by
the University Singers, a small cho
ral group under the direction of
Mack. Evans.
The festival will also include a
concert of liturgical music by the
55-voiee University Choir assisted
by Richard Purvis, organist at Grace
Cathedral in San Francisco, Sun
day, April 30, at 7:30 p.m. in Memo
rial Church; a concert by the com
bined University Chorus and Or
chestra on Sunday, April 27, at 4
p.m. in Memorial Auditorium; and
the production of Mozart's comic
opera "Cosi Fan Tuttc" on Friday,
May 9, at 8:15 p.m. in Memorial Au
ditorium.
