# Professor Sets Up Census in Hawaii
## 
### 
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
Chilton R. Bush, head of the
Journalism Department, has re
turned from a 12-day trip to Ha
waii, where he sot up a sample cen
sus for marketing research studies'
ami public opinion surveys to be
conducted by the Territorial Sur
veys group.
Mr. Bush made his trip lo the
islands on the Matsonia and re
turned by plane.
