# Fire Dept. Permit Renewals Needed
## 
### 
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
All fire permits issued by the
Stanford Fire Department which
have not been renewed since March
30 must- be renewed immediately,
according to John Marston, fire
chief.
