# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
York Life
Josephine Galbraith
365-8500
Life insurance and financial
counseling for Stanford
stndents since 1966
