# Professor Probes Conservatism
## 
### BILL MACDOUGALL 
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
Prof. Peter Witonski of the
American Enterprise Institute,
speaking before a small audience
in Bishop Auditorium last
Wednesday night, said "we use
'conservatism' liberally, though
we're not very sure what it
means."
In a speech, sponsored by the
Stanford Conservative Forum,
Witonski said it is difficult to
define "conservatism," because

rather than being built on a clear
ideology, it has developed as a
reaction to such upheavals as the
French Revolution, World War I
and the rise of totalitarianism.
Witonski said he believes that
continental European
conservatives such as De Maistre
reacted to the French Revolution,
hoping to return to the order and
unity of the Middle Ages.
He added that American
conservatives have little in

common with De Maistre. They
are more concerned with the
paternalism of the New Deal and
the utopianism of liberal and
radical ideologues, he said.
He said the modern
conservative respects the good of
the past, but insists that there are
no Utopias, and believes in a
limited state.
Gordon Craig, chairman of the
History Department, said that
Witonski's speech "left him

profoundly dissatisfied." He and
Emeritus Philosophy Prof. John
Mothershead made up the panel
that responded to Witonski's
speech.
Craig said he thought
conservatives might best be
described as a "bunch of old men
crooning at the Carlton Club." He
said that Witonski had failed to
answer the question, "What can
conservatism do for us?"
Mothershead said
that most people have a
reasonable idea of what
conservatism and liberalism stand
for.
In response to Craig, Witonski
said that perhaps liberals should
be described as "a bunch of old
men drinking at the Faculty Club,
reminiscing about the New Deal
and the glorious age of Kennedy."
Witonski, who edited the
four-volume work. The Wisdom of
Conservatism, received his Ph.D.
in history from Oxford, has
taught at Harvard, and was a
Hoover Fellow last year.
