# Italian Situation is the Topic of Class Lecture
## 
### 
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
In recognition of the anniversary of
Italy's entrance into the war, Professor
Elmore addressed his class in Roman
History this morning on the Italian par
ticipation in the great struggle and the
problems which confront Italy in the
peace settlements.
