# MOONEY DECISION NEAR
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
SACRAMENTO, April 12. (A>) —
Governor Rolph said today he will
announce his decision on Thomas J.
Mooney's pardon appeal sometime
between noon and 1 p.m., April 20.
