# WEIGLE IS CHOSEN STANFORD SPEAKER
## 
### 
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
Stanley A. Weigle, '26, won the right
to represent Stanford in the Pacific
Coast Extemporaneous Speaking con
test in tryouts held yesterday after
noon. George Crocker, '26, was named
alternate.
The winner is a veteran varsity de
hater. His first experience speaking
for Stanford was or. the freshman
team of two years ago. Last year he
represented Stanford in the Triangular
debate and in the Joffre debate. This
year he is the Davis representative
in the Triangular contest.
Weigle's style is described by Coach
of Debate J. G. Emerson as informal
and somewhat humorous. "I think he
lias an excellent chance to win first
place," was Emerson's comment.
The general subject for the contest
is, "The power of the Supreme Court
to Declare Octs of Congress Uncon
stitutional." The particular subject
for the tryout was, "The LaFollette
constitutional proposal allowing Con
gress to re-enact laws declared uncon
situtional by the Supreme Court." Six
men tried out and all very strenuously

The judges for the tryouts were:
Professor Lee Emerson Bassett, of the
department of public speaking; Pro
fessor Ilarold Shepard of the Law
School; and W. L. Wright, editor of
the Daily Palo Alto. All the judges
gave Weigle first place.
