# Y.M.C.A. WILL HOLD WEEKLY PRAYER MEETINGS.
## 
### 
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
Rev. Carl Warner, pastor of the.
Methodist Church in Palo Alto, will
lead the first of the weekly prayer
meetings to be held in the Vestry of
the Memorial Church on Thursday
evenings at 7:15, under the auspices of
the Y. M. C. A. The members of the
Association have for a long time felt
the need of such meetings, and it is
hoped that a great many who are not
members of the Association will at
tend. The length of the meetings has
been limited to forty-five minutes so
that everyone who is interested can
find time to attend.
