# Weather
## 
### 
Took the midnight train
Women's soccer trains
for a big weekend.
Sports, page 7

goin' anywhere
Captain A.J. Sauer knows
where his team is going.
Sports, page 7

Today: Sunshine.
Street lights. People.
Hi: 75 Low: 55



Took the midnight train
Women's soccer trains
for a big weekend.
Sports, page 7

goin' anywhere
Captain A.J. Sauer knows
where his team is going.
Sports, page 7

Today: Sunshine.
Street lights. People.
Hi: 75 Low: 55



Took the midnight train
Women's soccer trains
for a big weekend.
Sports, page 7

goin' anywhere
Captain A.J. Sauer knows
where his team is going.
Sports, page 7

Today: Sunshine.
Street lights. People.
Hi: 75 Low: 55



Took the midnight train
Women's soccer trains
for a big weekend.
Sports, page 7

goin' anywhere
Captain A.J. Sauer knows
where his team is going.
Sports, page 7

Today: Sunshine.
Street lights. People.
Hi: 75 Low: 55



Took the midnight train
Women's soccer trains
for a big weekend.
Sports, page 7

goin' anywhere
Captain A.J. Sauer knows
where his team is going.
Sports, page 7

Today: Sunshine.
Street lights. People.
Hi: 75 Low: 55



