# Adv. 31 Page 9
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
P/T OFFICE ASSISTANT
Council Travel, the largest student
travel agency in the US, has an
immediate opening for an office
assistant in its busy Palo Alto
office. Prefer applicant with over
seas travel, strong organizational
skills and commitment to stu
dent/budget travel. $6/hr
15hrs/wk. Please contact Colleen
415.325.4403.
"EXTRA INCOME*
Earn $200-$5OO weekly mailing
travel brochures. For more infor
mation send a self-addressed
stamped envelope to C.C.L. Travel,
P.O. Box 612290, Miami Fl 33261
TUTOR WANTED to work with very
sweet 4 y.o. boy with autism
M,W,Sa: A.M. hrs. SB/hr.
Familiarity w/ Lovaas method is
helpful. We will train. 359-5608
Swim Instructors/Summer 96-WSI,
CPR, FA, and LG required. Please
send resume and cert, to: West
Coast AquaticVAttn: JFN P.O. Box
110007 Campbell, CA 95011
Stockroom, inventories clerks PA
eves, to SB/hr 41 5/595-4265
CUSTOMER SERVICE IN CREDIT
DEPT Klutz Press seeks dependable
team player with accurate data
entry skills & ability to follow
through on the details. Must be
able to set priorities. Friendly
phone manner & professional atti
tude appreciated. Credit experi
ence is a plus, but we will train.
FT, very close to campus. Send or
fax 857-9110 letter & resume or
drop by 2121 Staunton Ct, Palo
Alto, CA 94306
$ Cruise Ships Hiring! Students
Needed! $J$ + Free Travel 919-
92 9-4398 xclol6
Part timers for Fractal Design 4,
KAI 3, Java Script; close to campus
in Menlo, call Kurt at lonl 324-
9550
Substitute teachers for infants &
toddlers &/or pre-school children.
1-3 Tues &/or on-call or in advance
for vacations. Exp. w/ young chil
dren req. $8.50/ hr. Close to cam
pus. The Learning Center, 325-
6683
SUMMER JOBS IN
STONE Now hiring for the sum
mer of 19961 Over 2,000 positions
available in hotels, restaurants,
and other guest services. Please
write or call for applications. TW
Recreational Services, PO Box 165,
Yellowstone National Park, WY
82190. (307)344-5323
A/VEOE/F/D/V Code #0568
Part-time Jobs for Students! The
Disability Resource Center seeks
responsible persons to work as
personal care assistants for dis
abled students. Flexible hours.
18.00/ hr. No experience neces
sary. Call 723-1066
