# Wallbangers start season
## 
### 
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
More than 70 people initiated
the 1982-83 intercollegiate rac
quetball season at the Third An
nual Stanford University Rac
quetball Tournament last
weekend.
Jeff Shapiro defeated Phil
Rosenbloom in the men's ad
vanced and Lisa Sue Gitkin de
feated Yvonne Lanza in the wo
man's division. Other division
winners included Dave
Beckstoffer in men's inter
mediate, Ken Sawyer in begin
ners and Aurangzeb Khan in the

novice.
During the upcoming season,
Stanford will play other univer
sities including Berkeley, Uni
versity of San Francisco, UC-
Davis, UC-Santa Cruz and
others.
Club membership is open to
the entire Stanford community
and tournament teams (seven
men and five women) will be de
termined on a weekly basis by
team challenges.
