# Adv. 30 Page 9
## 
### 
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
I NEW SHOES |
WITH THE FEMININE |
SPIRIT |
In their graceful lines and sim
plicity of design Thoits new Q
Spring shoes are in perfect ac
cord with the softer, frillier,
more feminine modes of 1928.
And their colors are in harmony
with the popular tones of Spring
Apparel — Black, Honey Beige,
Rose Beige, Cocoa Brown. You na|
will find in them that person
ality which assures real pleas- H
ure in the wearing.
\ 3\voaXF I
