# Adv. 4 Page 3
## 
### 
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
r|p==4K3j -
| THE HOME OF
| Hart Schaffner & Marx 'j
ij !
In Los Angeles
I
'
To the men of the South
For the next
fortnight you
will be in our
midst — again
we want to tell
you we'll be
mighty glad to |
have you come j
in and browse.
The spring
apparel is here.
MAY WE SEE YOU?
I SILVER WOODS,
Sixth and Broadway
| L
