# THREE VARSITY FENCERS TO INVADE SOUTHLAND
## 
### 
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
Three varsity fencers will invade
Southern California during spring vaca
tion with the express intention of swamp
ing all opposition in the fencing events
at the Pacific Coast Minor Sports tourna
ment to be held at U.S.C. March 30. The
men selected for the trip by Coaches
Harry Maloney and E. A. Bugge are
Herkimer Adams, Arthur Scotten, and
Fletcher Dutton. Bugge will accompany
the squad as manager and coach.
The Stanford team will enter both the
foils and dueling sword competition.
Teams from U.S.C, U.C., U.C.L.A., and
Stanford will be entered in the tourney.
