# DOEG TO PARTICIPATE IN TRIALS FOR DAVIS CUP TEAM IN SOUTH
## 
### 
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
John Doeg, number one man on the
freshman tennis team and eighth
ranking player in the United States,
will leave tonight for Augusta, Ga.,
where he will participate in the trials
for the American Davis Cup team.
Doeg received a telegram from the
Davis Cup committee yesterday in
viting him to participate in the com
petition. He will arrive in Augusta,
March 19. i i

William T. Tilden, former tennis
champion and ranking American play
er. will captain the American team.
Francis T. Hunter is practically cer
tain of a place on the team, and the
remaining two members will be se
lected from the following: George
Lott, Jr., John Hennessey, Wilmer
Allison, John Van Ryn, Arnold Jones,
and Doeg. The four men selected will
play against Mexico in Mexico City,
April 6. They will later meet other
teams in the American zone, and if
victorious will play in the finals in
Europe.
Doeg is considered to have a good
chance to make the team.
British royalty favors longer skirts.
