# SOPHOMORE QUINTET DEFEATS SENIORS IN HARD-FOUGHT MATCH
## 
### 
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
In a hotly contested game yesterday the
sophomore women defeated the senior
quintet by a score of 31 to 22. The 'sen
iors started out in the lead, but the
sophomores gradually gained, making the
score at the half 17-13 in their favor.
The 1930 players continued to gain until
the fourth quarter when the seniors ral
lied, but the former recovered, making
the final score 31-22.
