# Low Scholarship Excuses Must Be Filed by Friday
## 
### 
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
Students whose work has been in
terrupted during the present quarter
due to illness or other causes and who
wish to have the special circum
stances taken into consideration by
the Committee on Scholarship, may
file a statement with Mrs. Huston,
Secretary of the Committee, at any
time until Friday, March IG. Requests
for allowance on the ground of illness
must be supplemented by a special
physician's certificate* furnished by
the committee.
