# Eastern Colleges to Have Model Session of League
## 
### 
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Mar. 13.—
(LP.) —A plan for holding a model ses
sion of the League of Nations, at which
the delegates of the various countries
would be represented by members of the
student bodies of the various colleges in
New England, has been formulated by |
representatives from Amherst, Massa- i
chusetts Agricultural College, Mount j
Holyoke, Smith, and Springfield.
