# FOUR VARSITY TENNIS MEN WILL PARTICIPATE IN CONFERENCE MEET ON SOUTHERN COURTS
## Bears Expected to Provide Strong Competition U.C.L.A. Fast 
### 
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
A1 Herrington, Ralph McElvenny,
John Wheatlcy, and Gomcr Thomas of
the varsity tennis team will go to Los
Angeles during vacation to meet three
other four-men teams from Pacific Coast
universities, March 30 and 31, on the
U.C.L.A. courts. The teams in the four
way meet will represent U.S.C., Califor
nia, U.C.L.A., and Stanford.

The four teams will each play four
singles matches and two doubles matches.
Two points will be given to the univer
sity whose man wins first place in the
singles matches and two points will be
given to the team that wins first in the
doubles matches. One point also will be
given to each of the men who are run
ners-up in the singles and doubles
matches.
In previous matches the varsity de
cisively defeated Occidental and U.C.L.A.
here on the campus and California has
beaten U.C.L.A.
Although California does not have an
outstanding team, it will be no set-up
match against the Cards. The U.C.L.A.
team has some strong players according
to Hal Davis, coach, and they will have
the advantage of being on home courts.
The U.C.L.A. courts are much more
slippery than the Stanford courts and
this will probably be a handicap to the
varsity.
