# AIRPLANE TO BE RIVAL OF CAR, SAYS SILORSKY
## 
### 
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.—(l.P.)—That
the airplane will soon develop into an in
dustry competing with that of the auto
mobile, is the belief of Gaunt Igor Silor
sky, well-known airplane designer, who
spoke recently under the auspices of the
Yale Aeronautical Society.

Silorsky declared that the airplane will
soon become a competitor with the rail
roads and steamship lines, and cruising
speeds of three to four hundred miles an
hour will be common within our genera
tion.
