# GIRLS' MURAL NOTICE
## 
### 
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
Signups for Basketball inter
murals began last night in the
Women's Houses. Practice games
will be scheduled for next week
and the tournament will begin the
following week. Games will be
played four nights each week dur
ing the tournament.
