# DAILY PROMOTIONS
## 
### 
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
The Editorial Board of The Daily
recently announced the promotion
of Mary Massey to night editor and
Hadley I'ofl to head copy editor.
