# Debaters Make New Plans Today
## 
### 
Stanford debaters will meet today
at 4 p.m. in Room 210 in History
corner for the first session of the
quarter. All students interested in
debate and discussion in the squad
or in contests with other colleges
and universities are urged to at
tend.
Donald Graham, assistant debate
coach to Professor Emerson, who
has returned from leave, will an
nounce plans for the quarter, in
cluding trips to debate tournaments
and debate and discussion panels
with Western universities and col
leges.
Joseph Wagner, who has led the
Northern California Forensic Asso
ciation for two years, is withdraw
ing from the debate work to devote
his time to his graduate disserta
tion.
