# LOCAL BOY MAKES GOOD
## 
### 
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
Frank Crist, Card fullback was
named to the Palo Alto Hi All-Star
team yesterday.
