# FINAL MATCHES IN WOMEN'S TENNIS ARE PLAYED OFF
## 
### 
Final matches of the women's spring
tennis tournament were completed yes
terday and the following women will
compete for the University champion
ship: Elizabeth Conrad '20, Elsie Lei
cester '21, Margaret Echols '22, and
Francis Fish '23.
The junior and senior women and the
freshman and sophomore women will
play together, and the winner of the
underclass match will meet the winner
of the upperclass match in a final con
test for the University championship as
a part of tomorrow's Field Day program.
The results of the last games of the
tournament follow: Elizabeth Conrad
won from Harriet Crabtrce by default;
Elsie Leicester won from Persis Hyatt
6—2, 6---1; Margaret Echols won from
Ruth Meissener 6—2, 6—3; Francis Fish
won from Margaret Jackson 6—o, 6—o.
