# Rael Announces Mexico Tour Plan
## 
### 
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
The li'4S Mexico Educational Tour
is now being arranged by Professor
Juan B. Rael of the department of
Romanic languages. The tour, ex
tending from Aug. 28 to Bert. 24,
will include the Mexican Independ
ence Day program.
Students wishing practice in
speaking Spanish will be placed in
cars where only Spanish will he
ised. Members of the group will
lave opportunities to meet Mexi
cans in all walks of life.
Starting from Los Angeles, stu
dents may join the tour for two.
three, or four weeks.
Students wishing additional in
lormatiun about the tout may con
tact Professor Eael in room
Romanic Languages Building, from
10 to 11 a.m. and 2 to 3 p.m. daily.
