# Which Sailor?
## 
### 
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
One Townsend D. Paull, 35, actor,
veteran, was found strangled to
death in his room in Los Angeles
robbed of $20. His roommate said
Paull came home with a sailor.
There are 30,000 sailors in L.A..
