# Gledhill Upsets Stoefen To Capture Coast Title
## 
### 
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
Seeded second to Lester Stoefen in
the Pacific Coast singles tennis tour
nament at San Francisco, Keith
Gledhill, ex-Stanford star, upsei the
tall Southern Californian yesterday
to win the championship in a five
set uphill battle by scores of 3-G,
4-6, 6-4, 9-7, 6-3.
With Stoefen nl point match in the
fourth set, Gledhill rallied to pull
the game out of the fire, finally
smashing over two sensational run
ring shots for the winning points.
