# Mrs. Hoover Leaves For Girl Scouts' Convention
## 
### 
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
Mrs. Herbert Hoover left the cam
pus yesterday to attend the Na
tional Girl Scouts' convention in
Milwaukee. She is honorary vice
president of the organization, in
whose work she has long been in
terested. Mrs. Hoover will be gone
about ten days.
