# Quad To Fill Staff Ranks
## 
### 
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
A general call L*r Quad business
stf.fi tryoutees is announced by Har
old Whitiield, business manager.
New students, freshmen, and .sopho
mores arc particularly welcome and
there is very good opportunity for
advancement, says Whitfield, be
cause of the greatly reduced staff.
The first meeting will be at 7:30
o'clock Tuesday evening.
The Quad of '34 is selling a! re
duced prices this year, beginning at
$5.65. For the first week your name
will be stamped on the cover lor $6,
efter which time the price will be
raised to $6.15.
"This year the Quad will be par
ticularly interesting," Whitfield de
clared yesterday, "the features will
be increased and the first year of
the 'New Deal' on the Farm will be
officially recorded. The Quad rep
resents a permanent history of col
lege life and is written for all stu
dents, not just the graduating class."
