# In Other Colleges.
## 
### 
On the evening of March S, Post
master-General Wilson will present
a handsome diamond badge to
President-elect McKinley on behalf
of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon frater
nity, of which both are members.
Professor VVoodrow Wilson of
Princeton has an article in the Feb
ruary Atlantic Monthly on "Mr.
Cleveland as President," in which
he defends the main principles of
the administration.
The twenty-first anniversary of
the founding of Johns Hopkins
University was celebrated on Feb
ruary 22 by appropriate exercises,
in which President Oilman, Presi
dent Patton of Princeton, Governor
Lowndes of Maryland, and Post
master-General Wilson partici
pated.
On the evening of March S, Post
master-General Wilson will present
a handsome diamond badge to
President-elect McKinley on behalf
of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon frater
nity, of which both are members.
Professor VVoodrow Wilson of
Princeton has an article in the Feb
ruary Atlantic Monthly on "Mr.
Cleveland as President," in which
he defends the main principles of
the administration.
The twenty-first anniversary of
the founding of Johns Hopkins
University was celebrated on Feb
ruary 22 by appropriate exercises,
in which President Oilman, Presi
dent Patton of Princeton, Governor
Lowndes of Maryland, and Post
master-General Wilson partici
pated.
On the evening of March S, Post
master-General Wilson will present
a handsome diamond badge to
President-elect McKinley on behalf
of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon frater
nity, of which both are members.
Professor VVoodrow Wilson of
Princeton has an article in the Feb
ruary Atlantic Monthly on "Mr.
Cleveland as President," in which
he defends the main principles of
the administration.
The twenty-first anniversary of
the founding of Johns Hopkins
University was celebrated on Feb
ruary 22 by appropriate exercises,
in which President Oilman, Presi
dent Patton of Princeton, Governor
Lowndes of Maryland, and Post
master-General Wilson partici
pated.
On the evening of March S, Post
master-General Wilson will present
a handsome diamond badge to
President-elect McKinley on behalf
of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon frater
nity, of which both are members.
Professor VVoodrow Wilson of
Princeton has an article in the Feb
ruary Atlantic Monthly on "Mr.
Cleveland as President," in which
he defends the main principles of
the administration.
The twenty-first anniversary of
the founding of Johns Hopkins
University was celebrated on Feb
ruary 22 by appropriate exercises,
in which President Oilman, Presi
dent Patton of Princeton, Governor
Lowndes of Maryland, and Post
master-General Wilson partici
pated.
On the evening of March S, Post
master-General Wilson will present
a handsome diamond badge to
President-elect McKinley on behalf
of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon frater
nity, of which both are members.
Professor VVoodrow Wilson of
Princeton has an article in the Feb
ruary Atlantic Monthly on "Mr.
Cleveland as President," in which
he defends the main principles of
the administration.
The twenty-first anniversary of
the founding of Johns Hopkins
University was celebrated on Feb
ruary 22 by appropriate exercises,
in which President Oilman, Presi
dent Patton of Princeton, Governor
Lowndes of Maryland, and Post
master-General Wilson partici
pated.
