# Frosh Spikers In Triangular
## 
### 
City College of San Francisco
looms as the favorite in an at
tractive triangular track meet
with the the Stanford frosh and
Sacramento JC today at 4:15 p.m.
on Angell Field.
Floyd Strain's Papooses still
won't be at full strength, with
distance men Larry Suelzle and
Keith Wallace out due to unde
termined leg injuries.
Stanford's strongest spots in
today's meet appear to .he the
highs and lows, where Bob Mar
tin and Ron Schneider will hold
forth. Broad â€¢ jumper Brooks
Townsend and shot-putter Brooks
Atkinson, Stanford's best field
eventers, will each face stiff tests
from CCSF men.
Each will be within shooting
distance of Stanford frosh rec
ords. Townsend is only lour
inches shy of the 23-BV 2 broad
jump mark, and Atkinson is 4%
inches short of the shot-put
standard.
