# Sigma Alpha Iota Elects Officers
## 
### 
Helen Janzen has been elected
president of Sigma Alpha lota,
professional music fraternity.
Other new officers include Bar
bara Bowm a n, vice-president;
Barbara Phillip, corresponding
secretary; Beth Johnson, record
ing secretary; Jcanelle Eden,
treasurer; Lauren Abernethy,
chaplain; Mar go Armbruster,
membership chairman; Carol
Marsh, editor; and Jackie Patti
son, program and yearbook chair
man.
SAI is a co-sponsor of the Tues
day noon concerts which are held
in Dinkelspiei Auditorium free to
the public.
Spring activities of the group
include hostessing students from
various schools who will be at
tending the Composers' Symposi
um, to be held at Stanford on
May 2 through 4. There will also
be a radio performance on KPFA
May 28.
