# Braves Routed, 13-3
## 
### 
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
Bob Cole went three - for - four
and Dave Dow hit four-for-five,
but it wasn't nearly enough as
(he Stanford Braves fell to the
Presidio, 13-3, here yesterday.
