# N.Y. Globe Promotes Former Stanford Man
## 
### 
Bruce Bliven, ex-'ll, who was for
several years chief editorial writer
of the New York Globe, has recently
been appointed managing editor of
the same publication. While on the
campus, Bliven was prominent in the
activiteis of various sorts. He was a
members of English Club and of
Euphronia Debating Society. He was
also on the Quad and Sequoia staffs.
Bliven was a member of Encina Club.
Prank Taylor, ex-'lB, was at the same
time appointed assistant to Bliven in
his new position on the Globe staff.
Up to the time of his departure for
France with the "Good Friends of
France," ambulance unit, Taylor was
well known on the campus for his
work in connection with the various
Stanford publications. He is a mem
ber of Sigma Chi fraternity.
