# ATHLETIC COACHES WILL CONFER IN PORTLAND JUNE 5
## 
### 
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
A special session of the Pacific Coast
Athletic Conftrence will be held in
the Imperial Hotel of Portland, Ore
gon, beginning June 5, and extending
until the question now before the Con
ference for consideration has been ad
justed. The June meeting was called
by Dr. A. D. Browne, president of the
conference, as the meeting called for
May 14 at Stanford could not be held
because of the inability of the north
ern delegates to attend. The central
location of Portland lead to its selec
tion by Browne for the special session.
Representatives of the six major coast
universities will assemble to discuss
the problems which have arisen since
the last regular conference meeting
held at Seattle in December.
Division of gate receipts of football
games will be the most important sub
ject to be considered at the Portland
meeting. The northern universities
have been engaging in a bitter contro
versy during the last few months over
the interpretation of the present plan
for division of receipts. Settlement
of the question is imperative now in
order that friction will not disturb the
1920 football schedule.
The Seattle conference adopted a
compromise rule for the training
tables, limiting the table to one meal
a day. Though the National Intercol
legiate Conference has recommended,
the entire elimination of the tables,
a sharp divergence of opinion among
c ast colleges made acceptance of the
compromise expedient. The Stanford
representative will urge the continua
tion of the one meal a day plan not
because it is fully satisfactory for
training purposes but because of its
convenience to the teams for the even
ing meal.
Coaching policy will form the center
of much discussion at the Portland
conference. The full-time employment
of permanent coaches was recently
recommended by the national confer
ence as a settled policy of American
universities. This policy has been fol
lowed by Stanford for a number of
years and its adoption will be urged
by the Stanford delegate at the June
conference.
