# New Theory of Matter Presented to Scientists
## 
### United Press 
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
WASHINGTON, D. C. ( May 26.—An
entirely new theory of structure of
matter was presented at the conclud
ing session of the annual gathering of
Science at Washington by Dr. Irving
Langmufr of the General Electric
Company research laboratory, Dr,
Langmuir asserted that "space, and
time have structure analogues to that
of matter."
His observations add a new division
smaller even that the atom, which he
has named tho quantel. It consists
of two parts, present everywhere in
space, moving in all directions, with
the velocity of light and capable of
passing through matter. They con
stitute, he added, what has hereto
fore been known as the "ether of
spaco" and cause all of tho phenomena
of light, electricity, mass and energy.
