# JUNIPERO SERRA CLUB TO HOLD FIRST MEETING
## 
### 
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
Stanford's Junipero Serra Club will
hold its first regular meeting tomor
row evening, at 7.30, in the Women's
Clubhouse. Plans of activity for the
coming year will be discussed. The
meeting will have considerable im
portance for members of the club.
/11l persons interested are invited to
attend. Refreshments will be served
following the business discussion.
