# "BRICK" MULLER IS INJURED BY FALL IN LAST BERKELEY GAME
## 
### 
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
"Brick" Muller, right end of the
Berkeley team, injured his knee in the
first quarter of the California-Nevada
game last Saturday. The exact extent
of his injury has not yet been deter
mined. but it is thought that the knee
was cracked in the fall. I his can be
determined as soon as the X-ray nega
tives, which were taken Monday, arc
developed. If the knee is cracked,
Muller will be out of the game* for at
least three weeks, and perhaps longer.
Muller was tackled by Martin of the
Nevada team.
