# Adv. 24 Page 7
## 
### 
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
fISSU
SUNEffIY FLICKS
Presents
ACADEMY
AWARD &
winner!
CLIFF fi
ROBERTSON
BEST ACTOR
OF THE YEAR
7:30, only 50c
NOV 21 MEM AUD
FOR YOUNG LOVERS
The beauty and
unusual design of tbis
wedding set make it the
perfect tribute to love s
young dream. 14-K
white or yellow gold.
Each ting *
Alfrey's Jewelers
205 University Avenue
