# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
BSCYCLE-
Lt'
A
m
flw
'Vi
. . . For fun and exercise
Bicycles rented for 25 cents
per hr., day, week, or month
rates at the
ASSOCIATED
STADIUM SERVICE
On E! Cr.mino Real across from
Stadium
