# Digest Prints Brandt Article
## 
### 
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
"Americans ai-e not yet aware of
what is really going on in connec
tion with Europe's food problems,"
writes Professor Karl Brandt of
Stanford's Food Research Institute
in an article in the May Reader's
Digest.
Dr. Brandt, formerly a German
agricultural expert, says that the
Nazis have turned food from an eco
nomic end into a political means.
"The granting of food is a premium
for accomplishment and the with
holding of it is a punishment for
dissent."
Dr. Brandt prophesies that the
greatest pressure will fall on Eng
land "because of her shipping losses."
"The Nazis do not object to relief
supplies coming in to Europe if
they have no political implications.
But they consider the regulation of
Europe, including feeding it, their
affair. It is a key factor in their
New Order."
"The blockade impedes the wheels
of Hitler's war machine; but that
machine is not going to be halted
for lack of food," concluded Dr.
Brandt. "The Nazi machine will be
defeated only by superior diplo
macy, superior steadfastness and su
perior military strength."
