# Al Grey Returns To Cinder Squad
## 
### 
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
With A1 Grey, bespectacled shot
putter, back on the squad, Stanford
has started training in earnest for
the annual Biy Meet Saturday.
Yesterday the Indians worked out
at Angell Field while watching the
frosh perform in a triangle meet.
Grey, who shoved the shot out 50
feet against U.C.L.A., seems to have
overcome his wrist trouble at least
temporarily and should be good for
five points when Stanford tackles
the Berkeley Bear this week-end,
