# CAL CREW IN TROUBLE
## 
### 
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
The University of California, hold
er of the best crew records in re
cent years, may not enter a shell at
Poughkeepsie because of financial
troubles.
