# Doubles Tourney To Begin April 29
## 
### 
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
Stanford's annual spring mixed
doubles tournament will start April
29, and all interested are urged to
make their entries immediately. En
tries should be given to Coach John
Lamb at the tennis shop, or to Miss
Weed of the womb's athletic de
partment.
All players, whether they have
partners or not, are wanted. Part
ners will be supplied by the tourna
ment commttiee. All entries must
