# Lend-Lease Boss
## 
### 

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.

HARRY L. HOPKINS, close
friend and trusted adviser of
President Roosevelt, whom the
President has placed in supreme
command of the lend-lease pro
gram. The appointment is made,
according to Washington reports,
to speed to greater capacity the
nation's efforts to help Britain,
Jugoslavia, Greece, and China, in
desperate need of war materials
and other supplies.
