# Bureau conducts arts experiments
## 
### Dean Eyre 
Formed in 1975, the purpose
behind the Bureau of Western
Mythology is to share sometimes
heart-warming, sometimes dis
quieting, but always fantastical
experiences with its ever
growing audience. The Bureau
hopes to build ongoing support
for a wide variety of experimen
tal and creative performing arts
productions.
Their first season featured im
provisation work by the
Bureau's Bottom Drawer (its im
provisational group), and a
dramatization of Dylan Thomas'
A Child's Christmas in Wales.
Leaves of the Living opens the
second season of the group and
is considered to be their most
experimental undertaking so far.
The actors shape the theatrical
production throughout the per

formance. Audience participa
tion is integral to the design, so
guests will be invited to add
their own visions on the theme
of God, life, pain and transcen
dence. Members of the audience
will be tree to sit where they
choose (bring a pillow for corn
fort) in the Tresidder Large
Lounge.
Original music is provided by
Jim Baldwin and William Ac
kerman, whilean environmental
sculpture designed by Steve
Volt/ graces thrf lounge as
background for the performance.
l'uture plans by the Bureau of
Western Mythology include a
holiday celebration featuring a
Dickens Christmas show.
Loaves of the Living is being
presented by the Council of the
Arts of Palo Alto and the Tresid
der Union.
