# Norris James Edits Review
## Alumni Organ To Feature Campus Activities 
### 
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
Stanford's Illustrated Review, pic
torial organ of student and alumni
enterprises, enters a new phase of its
existence this fall with Norris E.
James, '30, in the editor's chair for
the first time.
Mr. James, who succeeds Frank
Taylor, also serves as editor of the
Peninsula Mirror, Palo Alto publica
tion. He will continue in this capac
ity in addition to his work with the
Review.
The latter publication, which is
published eighteen times annually
by the Stanford Alumni Association,
will launch into a more extensive
program with five issues in October.
Mr. James is planning a group of
special features concerning campus
and post-campus life. Outstanding
among the new items is a plan for a
series of articles setting forth the
notable participation of Stanford
graduates in industry and profes
sional vocations.
