# GAME POSTPONED
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30 <A>)~The first
game of the city series between the
Cubs and White Sox, scheduled for
Wrigloy Field, wa.s postponed today
because of rain.
