# Chains Down, Students Dodge
## 
### 
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
One of the Farm's age-old
precedents, one of the tradi
tions of traditions fell yesterday
when the chains blocking off
Lasuen Street at the English
corner were down on the open
ing day of school for the first
time in as long as any of the
old heads can remember.
While walking students were
ducking across the way and
driving students were having
fun running through taboo ter
ritory, the old timers shook
their heads in dismay.
And why?
From the office of the comp
troller comes the explanation.
Lasuen was opened because of
the street repairs on Serra
Street in front of the new
theater.
