# Study Lists Must Be Changed Soon
## 
### 
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
October 13 is the last day students
desiring to change their study lists
may do so without penalty of fine.
Lower Division students may get
their brown change-of-study cards
from Miss Gibson, in the Lower Di
vision office. Upper Division and
graduate students may get pink cards
for this purpose from the box at the
information window in the Adminis
tration Building.
The cards must be filled out with
the name of the course to be dropped
and the course to be taken uu,
signed by the instructor's of both
courses, and approved by the major
department of each subject.
After October 13, a fee of $2 will be
charged for each subject dropped
and each taken up. A change of study
list after this date may be secured
only by petition.
