# CCC SEEKS RECRUITS
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30</P)-~The
Civilians Conservation Corps plans
to enroll 109,270 men during thi
first two weeks of October as re
placements for those who have
dropped out to enter private em
ployment or who leave the corps
today at the conclusion of ius
seventh period.
