# Waterfront Crisis Discussed
## 
### 

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)

lIARR\ BRIDGES, Pacific Coast district president of the Inter
national Longshoremen's Association, and Edward F. McGrady, assist
ant secretary of labor, in conference at San Francisco. Subject—
troubled times on the waterfront. (A.P. Photo)
