# Liberty To Print Short Story By Nancy Scoggins
## 
### 
Following in the footsteps of her
father, C. E. Scoggins, noted maga
zine author, Nancy Scoggins, '36, en
tered the realm of professional writ
ers recently when her story, "Sister
Teresa," was accepted for publica
tion by Liberty magazine.
Having as its theme the Spanish
revolution in which King Alphonse
abdicated ,the story will appear in
the magazine within the next two or
three weeks.
Miss Scoggins, who is back at
Stanford this year doing graduate
work, gained her knowledge of the
revolution while she was living in
Spain some years ago. The convent
around which the story centers was
one which Miss Scoggins attended,
and parts of the story are based on
facts.
