# 'Y' Nominates 1934-35 Heads
## Election of Women's Posts Set for Wednesday 
### 
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
At. a meeting of the nominating
committee of the Y.W.C.A. called
late last week by Chairman Ann
Aynesworth, next year's officers for
the organization were nominated.
A petition signed by 15 girls will
be necessary to place on the ballot
the names of other candidates for
any of the four offices. These peti
tions must be in the "Y" rooms of
the Women's Clubhouse by 5 o'clock
tonight. Petitioners, nominees, and
voters must be members of the "Y."
Vote Wednesday
Elections will take place on Wed
nesday, and in order to insure to
every member the chance to vote,
balloting will be held before and
after both lunch and dinner in the
lobbies of Roble and the Union. For
Row women a ballot box will be
available from 4 to 6 o'clock in the
Union patio. A large voting turnout
is expected.
Schlatter Nominated
For president the committee has
named Josephine Schlatter, a junior
now head of the social service group
and a member of the cabinet. Those
named for vice-president are Wilma
Jenkins and Elizabeth DeVinny,
juniors.
The secretarial nominees are Mary
Acnes King and Louise Harlan,
freshmen. Candidates for the treas
urership are Barbara Steinbeck and
Beth Molthrop, sophomores.
