# FLAMES WIPE OUT JAPANESE PORT
## 
### 

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)

Three-fourths of Hakodate, prosperous and principal port of Japan's
northern island, Hokkaido, was destroyed by fire which caused the
death of an estimated 1000 of the city's 213,000 population and caused
damage of about $30,000,000. Lower: Some of the charred ruins and
(top) refugees huddled in a railway station which escaped the flames.
(Associated Press Photos)
