# ASK MANAGER TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
Sophomores interested in going
out for boxing manager may see
Manager Henry Neel or Coach My
ron Schall in the boxing room be
tween 4 and 5:30 o'clock today or
Wednesday.
