# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
Editor's Note: Due to a misun
derstanding, Ashley Ryan's column
did not run yesterday. Her final
column will run next Thursday.
