# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
PROJECT BORIS
An effort that took years
has brought a magnifi
cent new BORIS on Angel.
PALO ALTO
-MdodyJOane
420 University Avenue
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA
