# AKL ELECTS OFFICERS
## 
### 
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
New officers elected by Alpha
Kappa Lambda fraternity are John
Stahr, president; Bob Gable, vice
president; Dud Scott, junior repre
sentative; Ron Freund, correspond
ing secretary; and George Wilson,
alumni secretary.
