# Sings, Dances
## 
### 

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)

FOR THE FIRST time Claire
Trevor will sing and dance
in a Hollywood production
now being filmed. (A.P.
Photo)
