# KAPPA SIGMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
Kappa Sigma announces the
pledging of Winfield Needham, '39
