# Hoop Opens
## 
### 

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.

Art Harris (23) brought excite
ment last year to the Stanford
Pavilion as a sophomore. He led
the Indians to an upset win
over UCLA which broke the
Bruins' 36 game conference
streak. Harris will lead a young
squad onto the court this Thurs
day In San Francisco against the
USF Dons. Saturday Stanford
opens Its home season against
Arizona State.
