# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
Lassen ffi - IV2, ISO - pound
sophomore from Mesa, Ariz.)
has been among year's most
pleasant surprises. Ran BXO in
1:54.8 and 1:53.2 at Texas Re
lays, and should approach 1:50
this year. Promises to be a star
member of strong Stanford dis
tance troupe through 19G0. Has
also looked good in stepping
down to the 440, and runs a
strong relay leg. Major: Pre-
Law.

Besse (5-11V2, 170 - pound
sophomore from Pomona) com
petes in the unique combina
tion of the 440 and javelin. A
high scorer on the '57 l'rosh
team, he's been hampered this
year by a sore elbow that has
retarded his javelin progress.
Also runs 220 and relay. One
of the team's hardest workers
and has prospects of a great
career in both events. Major:
Education.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday through Friday)


DICK LASSKN
Track


lio.'i bi;ssi:
Track
