# VAUDEVILLE NETS NEAT SUM TO CLUBHOUSE FUND
## 
### 
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
The hearty cooperation of the stu
dent body on Friday night has enabled
the Women's Press Clup to turn over
sixty-five dollars to the Clubhouse
fund.
