# HUSKY HUNT
## 
### 

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.

Mentor who coached the freshman
baseball squad to a victory in the
California series.
