# Freshman Tennis Manager Calls Interclass Players
## 
### 
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
Craddock Gilmour, newly appointed
manager of freshman tennis, has is
sued a call for all first-year men who
wish to enter the interclass tourna
ment to sign up with H. M. Davis,
tennis coach, sometime this week. The
tourney will begin on April IS.
