# "Bull Session" Time Not Wasted, Declares Savant
## 
### 
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
Syracuse, N.Y., April 14. — (1.P.) —
Dr. Harry Wilson, of the philosophy
department of Syracuse University re
cently declared that time spent by
college students in "bull sessions" is
not wasted but is of real value. He
estimated that an average of three
hours a day is spent by fraternity men
in such sessions.
