# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
THE BiCCEST
SHAKE
jdp?
i
SINCE 1906!
. . . and that wasn't as
good as ours now. Next
time you're in town try
one of the famous Penin
sula milkshakes.
THE
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
Corner Emerson & Hamilton
Use Daily Want Ads
