# THAILAND-INDO CHINA ARMISTICE EXPIRES
## 
### 
SHANGHAI, Mon., Feb. 24 (UP).
â€”The Japan-sponsored armistice
between Thailand and French
Indo-China will expire tomorrow.
Both sides were reported prepar
ing for a resumption of hostilities
which some diplomats feared may
bring the war to the Far East and
involve the United States in open
conflict with Japan.
Feverish efforts reportedly were
being made in Tokyo to reach an
agreement but diplomatic advices to
day indicated France was standing
fast in her rejection of a Japanese
peace formula which would award
Thailand considerable areas of west
ern Indo-China, in the Laos terri
tory and the French Cambodian pro
tectorate.
