# Untitled Article
## 
### 

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.

E. V. KRICK, above, will speak
tonight in the Encina lobby at a
meeting of the Men's Vocational
Problems Series. For details, sec
the story at left.
