# SUES GERMAN CONSUL GENERAL
## 
### 

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.

SUIT FOR $8,000 salary and expenses was filed in San Francisco by
Mrs. Alice Crockett, former wife of a United States army colonel who
says she engaged in international sleuthing for Captain Fritz Weide
mann, German consul general there. She claims she interviewed Hitler,
Goering, and Goehhels on behalf of the Nazi consul in 1939.
