# Adv. 27 Page 39
## 
### 
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
Believe it or not, Big Game student tickets are still
available. Contact the Dept. of Athletics for more info.
Student tickets for the men's basketball 17-game season
are also now available for $20 at the Dept. of Athletics.
