# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
Programmers:
The Open Planning Project is
hiring for fulfilling careers and
internships in Open Source. We
want to give you a job where you
can do good, everyday.
Non-technical opportunities also
available.
Learn more
Tressider Union, Sequoia Room
Thursday, April 13, 7:30 pm
topp.openplans.org
Programmers:
The Open Planning Project is
hiring for fulfilling careers and
internships in Open Source. We
want to give you a job where you
can do good, everyday.
Non-technical opportunities also
available.
Learn more
Tressider Union, Sequoia Room
Thursday, April 13, 7:30 pm
topp.openplans.org
Programmers:
The Open Planning Project is
hiring for fulfilling careers and
internships in Open Source. We
want to give you a job where you
can do good, everyday.
Non-technical opportunities also
available.
Learn more
Tressider Union, Sequoia Room
Thursday, April 13, 7:30 pm
topp.openplans.org
Programmers:
The Open Planning Project is
hiring for fulfilling careers and
internships in Open Source. We
want to give you a job where you
can do good, everyday.
Non-technical opportunities also
available.
Learn more
Tressider Union, Sequoia Room
Thursday, April 13, 7:30 pm
topp.openplans.org
Programmers:
The Open Planning Project is
hiring for fulfilling careers and
internships in Open Source. We
want to give you a job where you
can do good, everyday.
Non-technical opportunities also
available.
Learn more
Tressider Union, Sequoia Room
Thursday, April 13, 7:30 pm
topp.openplans.org
Programmers:
The Open Planning Project is
hiring for fulfilling careers and
internships in Open Source. We
want to give you a job where you
can do good, everyday.
Non-technical opportunities also
available.
Learn more
Tressider Union, Sequoia Room
Thursday, April 13, 7:30 pm
topp.openplans.org
Programmers:
The Open Planning Project is
hiring for fulfilling careers and
internships in Open Source. We
want to give you a job where you
can do good, everyday.
Non-technical opportunities also
available.
Learn more
Tressider Union, Sequoia Room
Thursday, April 13, 7:30 pm
topp.openplans.org
