# Correction
## 
### 
In the article ("ASSU: Up
Close arid Personal," April
7), it states that The Sound
and the Fury executive slate
candidates Allan Phillips
and Doug Renter killed a
blue whale and then feasted
on it along with pork. The
candidates actually feasted
on the whale along with a
nice bottle of port.
In the article ("ASSU: Up
Close arid Personal," April
7), it states that The Sound
and the Fury executive slate
candidates Allan Phillips
and Doug Renter killed a
blue whale and then feasted
on it along with pork. The
candidates actually feasted
on the whale along with a
nice bottle of port.
In the article ("ASSU: Up
Close arid Personal," April
7), it states that The Sound
and the Fury executive slate
candidates Allan Phillips
and Doug Renter killed a
blue whale and then feasted
on it along with pork. The
candidates actually feasted
on the whale along with a
nice bottle of port.
In the article ("ASSU: Up
Close arid Personal," April
7), it states that The Sound
and the Fury executive slate
candidates Allan Phillips
and Doug Renter killed a
blue whale and then feasted
on it along with pork. The
candidates actually feasted
on the whale along with a
nice bottle of port.
In the article ("ASSU: Up
Close arid Personal," April
7), it states that The Sound
and the Fury executive slate
candidates Allan Phillips
and Doug Renter killed a
blue whale and then feasted
on it along with pork. The
candidates actually feasted
on the whale along with a
nice bottle of port.
In the article ("ASSU: Up
Close arid Personal," April
7), it states that The Sound
and the Fury executive slate
candidates Allan Phillips
and Doug Renter killed a
blue whale and then feasted
on it along with pork. The
candidates actually feasted
on the whale along with a
nice bottle of port.
In the article ("ASSU: Up
Close arid Personal," April
7), it states that The Sound
and the Fury executive slate
candidates Allan Phillips
and Doug Renter killed a
blue whale and then feasted
on it along with pork. The
candidates actually feasted
on the whale along with a
nice bottle of port.
