# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
University women are to sell
tickets on the o:impiis tomorrow
for the benefit rugby game of next
Saturday. The price of the tick
ets will be twenty-five cents, and
all proceeds sire to iro toward
defraying the expenses of 0. H.
Grajti;, '12, who was injured in
the rugby series which will come
to an end with Saturday's game.
