# ELECTRIC CARS TO SUSPEND OPERATION
## 
### 
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
Electric car service in Palo Alto will
be suspended due to the lack of patron
age on the part of Palo Alto residents,
it was decided by Paul Shoup, presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company,
at a meeting with the members of the '
Board of Public Works of Palo Alto
together with Mayor Cottrell and F.
E. Chapin, manager of the Peninsular
Railway Company.
The line from the Southern Pacific
station to the Stanford campus will bo
continued, but the Waverley street
line, together with the University ave
nue line to Runnymede, will be defi
nitely suspended.
The non-support of the line due to
competition offered by automobiles,
and the expense of putting the line
into an efficient operating condition
were the reasons given by Shoup for
I the discontinuation of the service.
I I
