# 130-POUND PLAYERS CLASH WITH BRUIN MIDGETS SATURDAY
## Card Lightweights Expect to Atone for Last Week's Defeat 
### 
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
Coach H. M. Davis* 130-pound bas
ketball five is practicing in prepara
tion for its second encounter with the
California midgets in the preliminary
to the varsity game Saturday night.
Although the Card lightweights were
defeated by a rather decisive score
last week, they expect to turn the
tables on the Bears in their next ap
pearance.
California's victory in the first game
was due largely to the accurate goal
shrooting of Koppa, star Bruin for
ward. If the Berkeley flash can be
covered a little closer in Saturday
night's contest, the score of the Blue
and Gold quintet will no doubt be con
siderably lessened.
The most consistent scorer on tlyp
Stanford team is Meyers, and once he
finds the range of the basket he can
usually be counted on for a number
of points.
The California 130's exhibited a
speedy offense and a nearly impene
trable defense in the initial game.
Stanford will have to demonstrate
plenty of class to overcome the clever
playing of the Bear lightweights.
