# DECORATIONS AT BALL WILL DEPICT SCENES OF MARTIANS AT WAR
## 
### 
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
Highly futuristic decorations will I
be a feature of the Military Ball on
April 20, according to Richard War-;
ner, manager. The theme of "War in
Mars" will be executed on the walls
which will depict Martians battling I
on skywheels between buildings of
gigantic proportions. Jack Craig, fa
mous decorator, will execute the sets.
Craig is famous for his futuristic
creations.
The second attraction at the Ball
will be the personal appearance of
Rube Wolf, popular Pacific Coast
musical director, with his band and :
a group of Fanchon and Marco enter- ;
tainers. Presence of Wolf will be
made possible by the fact that he
will be making a transfer from San J
Francisco to Los Angeles on the ,
week-end of the Military Ball.
Bids for the dance are still obtain
able in the offices of the Associated
Students in the Old Union.
