# DR. VAUGHAN GIVES GEOLOGY LECTURES
## 
### 
Special lectures are being given
every afternoon this week at 4:10 in
the Geology department by Dr. T. Way
land Vaughan, a noted geologist and
newly appointed director of the
Scripps Institution at La Jolla, Cali
fornia, the marine station of the Uni
versity of California.
Dr. Vaughan has been a prominent
member of the U. S. Geological Sur
vey at Washington, where he had
charge of the coastal plane division,
studying the coastal region from New
* York to Texas, including Florida and
the Bahama Islands. He has spent
many years studying corals, and at
the present time is the greatest au
thority in this country on that sub
ject. In this work he was connected
with the U. S. National Museum, and
with the Tortugas Laboratory in south
ern Florida, besides having traveled
in the West Indies, Australia, and
Hawaii, where corals are prominent.
Of particular interest to students of
Geology are Dr. Vaughan's discoveries
of the origin of limestones which has
been a matter of controversy for many
years.
Dr. Vaughan is a member of the
National Academy of Sciences, one of
the greatest honors that can come to
a scientist in this country.
These lectures are to be given every
afternoon this week at 4:10 in Room
334 of the Geology building.
