# Art Gallery Shows De Gabere Exhibit
## 
### 
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
The Art Gallery has received an ex
hibit of thirty-three paintings by r'or
De Gabere, a Santa Cruz artist. The
display includes landscape scenes of
California and Holland and one por
trait.
