# FACULTY MEMBERS TO STUDY ABROAD
## 
### 
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
James Percy Baumberger, assistant
professor of physiology, and Mary
Katherine Chase, '22, instructor in
French, have been awarded graduate
fellowships for study in Belgium dur
ing the college year 1925-26, by the
Commission for Belief in Belgium Edu
cational Foundation in the United
States.
Professor Baumberger will study
physiology, and Miss Chase modern
European history.
Out of the six students who were
awarded these fellowships for study
in Belgium two are from Stanford, one
from California, one from Amherst,
one from Mount Holyoke, and one from
Wisconsin.
