# Ex-Stanford Grid Men Meet Former Teammates on Field
## 
### 
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
Bob Pelouze, end, and Dick Faville,
guard, both of former Stanford ath
letic: fame, met old teammates and op
ponents when the Multnomah Club of
Portland and the undefeated Olympic
Club of San Francisco clashed yester
day for the club championship of the
Pacific: Coast.
Stanford players on the Olympic
Club team included Harry Shipkey,
tackle, veteran of the Notre Dame-
Stanford game of last year; Scotch
Campbell, quarterback of the 1923
Cardinal eleven which nearly toppled
the Bear from its championship; Norm
Cleaveland, 1924 football star and a
member of the American Olympic
Rugby team; Jack Patrick, also a
member of the Rugby team and ex-
Stanford captain; and Art Wilcox, for
mer captain and star of the Card back
field.
