# Vaccination Slips
## 
### 
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
Vaccination slips for students
new to ihe University this quar
ter must bo turned in at the cre
dentials window in llie Admis
sions Office, Room 112 A, Inner
Quad, by Monday.
