# Pope Recovers
## 
### 
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
Bill Pope, Stanford pre-medical
student who suffered pneumonia
during a Sierra skiing trip last
month, has recovered and re
turned to campus.
Pope and three other students
were rescued by helicopter on
March 31 from an 11,000-foot
peak near Yosemite Valley. He
was taken to Lewis Memorial
Hospital in Yosemite Valley in
critical condition.
