# BAR BOOKIES FROM RACES?
## 
### 
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
The Assembly voted today to bar
bookies, touts, and other "undesirable
persons" from California race tracks.
