# Sterlings Depart On Two-Week Trip
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
Dr. and Mrs. Wallace Sterling left
yesterday for a two-week business
trip to the East.
The Sterlings will travel to Ros
ton, Chicago, and New York. They
will return to Stanford May 16.
