# COURSE ON COMMUNTSM
## 
### 
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
A compulsory course for all stu
dents, designed to teach the true na
j ture and tactics of Communism, was
: announced today by the University
j of San Francisco.
