# THETA CHI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Preble, '43
to Thetn Chi.
