# DEATH OF STUDENT.
## A 						Japanese Suffering from Typhoid Fever Died Sunday Afternoon in San Francisco. 
### 
The first death among the stu
dents as a result of the typhoid
epidemic came Sunday afternoon
at 5:30, when Jimpo Kanada, '06,
died in San Francisco at the Bud
dhist Mission. Kanada was taken
sick with the fever about three
weeks ago at the home of Professor
A. G. Newcomer in Palo Alto, where
he had been employed since last
fall. He was buried in San Fran
cisco. Kanada entered Stanford in
September from Japan, and was
enrolled as a Philosophy major.
The first death among the stu
dents as a result of the typhoid
epidemic came Sunday afternoon
at 5:30, when Jimpo Kanada, '06,
died in San Francisco at the Bud
dhist Mission. Kanada was taken
sick with the fever about three
weeks ago at the home of Professor
A. G. Newcomer in Palo Alto, where
he had been employed since last
fall. He was buried in San Fran
cisco. Kanada entered Stanford in
September from Japan, and was
enrolled as a Philosophy major.
The first death among the stu
dents as a result of the typhoid
epidemic came Sunday afternoon
at 5:30, when Jimpo Kanada, '06,
died in San Francisco at the Bud
dhist Mission. Kanada was taken
sick with the fever about three
weeks ago at the home of Professor
A. G. Newcomer in Palo Alto, where
he had been employed since last
fall. He was buried in San Fran
cisco. Kanada entered Stanford in
September from Japan, and was
enrolled as a Philosophy major.
The first death among the stu
dents as a result of the typhoid
epidemic came Sunday afternoon
at 5:30, when Jimpo Kanada, '06,
died in San Francisco at the Bud
dhist Mission. Kanada was taken
sick with the fever about three
weeks ago at the home of Professor
A. G. Newcomer in Palo Alto, where
he had been employed since last
fall. He was buried in San Fran
cisco. Kanada entered Stanford in
September from Japan, and was
enrolled as a Philosophy major.
The first death among the stu
dents as a result of the typhoid
epidemic came Sunday afternoon
at 5:30, when Jimpo Kanada, '06,
died in San Francisco at the Bud
dhist Mission. Kanada was taken
sick with the fever about three
weeks ago at the home of Professor
A. G. Newcomer in Palo Alto, where
he had been employed since last
fall. He was buried in San Fran
cisco. Kanada entered Stanford in
September from Japan, and was
enrolled as a Philosophy major.
The first death among the stu
dents as a result of the typhoid
epidemic came Sunday afternoon
at 5:30, when Jimpo Kanada, '06,
died in San Francisco at the Bud
dhist Mission. Kanada was taken
sick with the fever about three
weeks ago at the home of Professor
A. G. Newcomer in Palo Alto, where
he had been employed since last
fall. He was buried in San Fran
cisco. Kanada entered Stanford in
September from Japan, and was
enrolled as a Philosophy major.
The first death among the stu
dents as a result of the typhoid
epidemic came Sunday afternoon
at 5:30, when Jimpo Kanada, '06,
died in San Francisco at the Bud
dhist Mission. Kanada was taken
sick with the fever about three
weeks ago at the home of Professor
A. G. Newcomer in Palo Alto, where
he had been employed since last
fall. He was buried in San Fran
cisco. Kanada entered Stanford in
September from Japan, and was
enrolled as a Philosophy major.
