# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It will be well for everybody who
votes at the election tomorrow to
thoroughly consider the importance
of the offices to be filled and to
judiciously weigh the merits of the
respective candidates. Efficiency
of the candidate rather than per
sonal friendship ought to be the
test of a ballot, and the only sure
guarantee that the interests of the
student body will be well taken
care of lies in honest and thought
ful voting of the students them
selves. The ideal situation in
undergraduate politics is to be
ultimately attained only when
careful voting puts the beßt men in
the various offices.
It will be well for everybody who
votes at the election tomorrow to
thoroughly consider the importance
of the offices to be filled and to
judiciously weigh the merits of the
respective candidates. Efficiency
of the candidate rather than per
sonal friendship ought to be the
test of a ballot, and the only sure
guarantee that the interests of the
student body will be well taken
care of lies in honest and thought
ful voting of the students them
selves. The ideal situation in
undergraduate politics is to be
ultimately attained only when
careful voting puts the beßt men in
the various offices.
It will be well for everybody who
votes at the election tomorrow to
thoroughly consider the importance
of the offices to be filled and to
judiciously weigh the merits of the
respective candidates. Efficiency
of the candidate rather than per
sonal friendship ought to be the
test of a ballot, and the only sure
guarantee that the interests of the
student body will be well taken
care of lies in honest and thought
ful voting of the students them
selves. The ideal situation in
undergraduate politics is to be
ultimately attained only when
careful voting puts the beßt men in
the various offices.
It will be well for everybody who
votes at the election tomorrow to
thoroughly consider the importance
of the offices to be filled and to
judiciously weigh the merits of the
respective candidates. Efficiency
of the candidate rather than per
sonal friendship ought to be the
test of a ballot, and the only sure
guarantee that the interests of the
student body will be well taken
care of lies in honest and thought
ful voting of the students them
selves. The ideal situation in
undergraduate politics is to be
ultimately attained only when
careful voting puts the beßt men in
the various offices.
It will be well for everybody who
votes at the election tomorrow to
thoroughly consider the importance
of the offices to be filled and to
judiciously weigh the merits of the
respective candidates. Efficiency
of the candidate rather than per
sonal friendship ought to be the
test of a ballot, and the only sure
guarantee that the interests of the
student body will be well taken
care of lies in honest and thought
ful voting of the students them
selves. The ideal situation in
undergraduate politics is to be
ultimately attained only when
careful voting puts the beßt men in
the various offices.
It will be well for everybody who
votes at the election tomorrow to
thoroughly consider the importance
of the offices to be filled and to
judiciously weigh the merits of the
respective candidates. Efficiency
of the candidate rather than per
sonal friendship ought to be the
test of a ballot, and the only sure
guarantee that the interests of the
student body will be well taken
care of lies in honest and thought
ful voting of the students them
selves. The ideal situation in
undergraduate politics is to be
ultimately attained only when
careful voting puts the beßt men in
the various offices.
It will be well for everybody who
votes at the election tomorrow to
thoroughly consider the importance
of the offices to be filled and to
judiciously weigh the merits of the
respective candidates. Efficiency
of the candidate rather than per
sonal friendship ought to be the
test of a ballot, and the only sure
guarantee that the interests of the
student body will be well taken
care of lies in honest and thought
ful voting of the students them
selves. The ideal situation in
undergraduate politics is to be
ultimately attained only when
careful voting puts the beßt men in
the various offices.
