# Bennett, Greisser Leave For Reno Press Convention
## 
### 
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
Harry M. Bennett and Victor P.
Greisser, editor and business manager
respectively of The Stanford Daily,
leave this morning to attend the
Pacific Intercollegiate Pfess Associa
tion convention to be held at the Uni
versity of Nevada in Reno on Wednes
day and Thursday.
