# Faculty Women Hostesses At Tea Tomorrow
## 
### 
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
Faculty women who will be the host
esses at the Wednesday afternoon tea
of the Resident Alumnae Association
this week, in the Women's Clubhouse,
are: Mrs. Carl L. Alsberg, Mrs. M. K.
Bennett, Mrs. George E. Osborne, Mrs.
Victor H. Pelz, Mrs. Gilbert M. Smith,
Mrs. Chester G. Vernier, and Mrs. Hol
brook Working.
Individuals or small groups are in
vited to drop in for tea, without the
formality of previous arrangements.
