# BAT BOY GETS $2,100
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15 (UP)—Major
league baseball players turned out
to be big-hearted today in Commis
sioner Ford Frick's breakdown of
how the Yankees and Dodgers di
vided their World Series purses.
The Brooklyn Dodger batboy was
voted a half-share of the purse,
totaling $2,100. The entire player
pool totaled slightly more than
$350,000.
