# Untitled Article
## 
### 
.Judging from the lively advertis
ing bills that were posted up yester
day, ihe entertainment for the beue
tit of the '96 Annual should prove
decidedly unique. '9(5 is to be con
gratulated on the innovation. En
tertainments of such a character are
peculiarly suited to college life.
I'hey give it a flavor that can be ob
tained in uo other way. This one
being the first of the kind given 011
the campus, it will doubtless reap a
rich reward for the '96 Annual.
.Judging from the lively advertis
ing bills that were posted up yester
day, ihe entertainment for the beue
tit of the '96 Annual should prove
decidedly unique. '9(5 is to be con
gratulated on the innovation. En
tertainments of such a character are
peculiarly suited to college life.
I'hey give it a flavor that can be ob
tained in uo other way. This one
being the first of the kind given 011
the campus, it will doubtless reap a
rich reward for the '96 Annual.
.Judging from the lively advertis
ing bills that were posted up yester
day, ihe entertainment for the beue
tit of the '96 Annual should prove
decidedly unique. '9(5 is to be con
gratulated on the innovation. En
tertainments of such a character are
peculiarly suited to college life.
I'hey give it a flavor that can be ob
tained in uo other way. This one
being the first of the kind given 011
the campus, it will doubtless reap a
rich reward for the '96 Annual.
.Judging from the lively advertis
ing bills that were posted up yester
day, ihe entertainment for the beue
tit of the '96 Annual should prove
decidedly unique. '9(5 is to be con
gratulated on the innovation. En
tertainments of such a character are
peculiarly suited to college life.
I'hey give it a flavor that can be ob
tained in uo other way. This one
being the first of the kind given 011
the campus, it will doubtless reap a
rich reward for the '96 Annual.
