# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Training for the Yale baseball team
will not begin much before March Ist.
The team will play a game each with
the New York and Boston league teams,
and on April 10th will start on its an
nual Easter trip south. Capt. Iluxtin
has decided to dispense with the ser
vices of any professional coach this
year.
Training for the Yale baseball team
will not begin much before March Ist.
The team will play a game each with
the New York and Boston league teams,
and on April 10th will start on its an
nual Easter trip south. Capt. Iluxtin
has decided to dispense with the ser
vices of any professional coach this
year.
Training for the Yale baseball team
will not begin much before March Ist.
The team will play a game each with
the New York and Boston league teams,
and on April 10th will start on its an
nual Easter trip south. Capt. Iluxtin
has decided to dispense with the ser
vices of any professional coach this
year.
Training for the Yale baseball team
will not begin much before March Ist.
The team will play a game each with
the New York and Boston league teams,
and on April 10th will start on its an
nual Easter trip south. Capt. Iluxtin
has decided to dispense with the ser
vices of any professional coach this
year.
