# Sale of Tickets Small.
## 
### 
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
The sale of tickets for the Boat
Club farce, "All Tangled Up," has
been small up to the present time.
The sales on the quad, at the Book
store, and at the Stanford Phar
macy, Palo Alto, aggregate about
250 tickets, representing a receipt
of about $200.
