# Collection of Fishes Received.
## 
### 
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
A collection of email fishes made
by Richard C. McGregor,'9B, ar
rived yesterday from the Philip
pines. McGregor is connected with
the Bureau of Government Labora
tories in the islands and has taken
a leave of absence for the purpose
of studying the fishes. He has
been at the University for the past
few weeks awaiting the arrival of
his collection, the study of which
will be made here.
