# Get involved
## 
### 
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
Columnists:
If you are interested
in becoming one of
The Daily's 10
biweekly columnists,
you must submit a
sample column by
midnight Monday.
We welcome all types
of submissions —
funny, serious, politi
cal, social, conserva
tive, liberal, anar
chist, whatever. Call
Julie Ryan or Kathy
Olmsted at 497-4632
for more information.
Editorial Board:
If you wish to be a
member of the 10-
person group that
prepares The Daily's
editorials, submit a
one-page proposal
describing your inter
est by 6 p.m. Mon
day. At that time, all
candidates may pick
up notes for a sample
editorial, which must
be submitted the fol
lowing day. A grill
session for all candi
dates will follow on
Wednesday. Ques
tions? Contact Tim
Grieve at 497-4632.
