# COLLEGE WOMEN'S CLUB-HOUSE.
## California Branch of Alumnae Plan for Headquarters in San Francisco. 
### 
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
There is announced a plan for a
club-house to accommodate the
women college graduates, visiting
alumnae, and undergraduate tran
sients in San Francisco. It is be
ing worked up by the California
branch of the Association of Colle
giate Alumnae, whose headquarters
are in the city.
This is a chapter of the national
association, to membership in
which are eligible the graduates of
twenty-two colleges throughout the
United States, among them being
Stanford. The organization is
mainly social, meeting eight times
a year for the general renewal of
old friendships and the discussion
of live problems. It carries on as
well interesting work along educa
tional, civic, and state history
lines, and supports fellowships at
home and abroad. There are at
present 300 members in and about
San Francisco.
The prospective club-house is to
accommodate the present members,
graduates visiting in the city, and
undergraduates who may wish to
avail themselves of the privileges
offered.
The Association has already re
ceived invitations from two influ
ential women's clubs in San Fran
cisco to share with them, in the
one case, a new club-house about to
be occupied; and in the second,
handsome quarters already pre
pared. There are some seven thou
sand college women in California,
who are rallying in numbers to the
support of the club-house idea. It
Hnds especial favor with teachers
whose vacations are spent in the
city, and with students whoso holi
days take them there.
Until the club-house is estab
lished, a tea-room will be opened
in some convenient place for the
accommodation of shoppers in the
city.
Stanford students who approve
of the efforts of the Association are
requested to communicate with the
chairman, Miss Cornelia McKinne,
517 Hill street, San Francisco, or
with Mrs. Florence Dorsey, '99, at
Madrono Hall.
