# Quads.
## 
### 
—Dr. W. It. Shaw, former in
structor in Botany, has been ap
pointed professor of entomology in
the Agricultural College at Still
water, Oklahoma.
—The address delivered by Mrs.
Stanford to the Board of Trustees
of the University on October 3d
has been published in pamphlet
form for private distribution.
—Prof. H. B. Lathrop, formerly
of the Stanford English depart
ment, has been seriously ill and
may be unable to continue his work
at Wisconsin, where he is professor
of English.
—Among the books reviewed in
the current number of the Ameri
can Historical Review are Edward
Jenks' "Edward Plantagenet," re
viewed by Professor George E.
Howard, former head of the His
tory department here; and P. llume
Brown's "History of Scotland," re
viewed by Professor Gail lard
Thomas Lapsley, formerly of the
same department.
