# Stanford Prof Attends Psychology Meeting
## 
### 
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
!)r. Calvin P. Stone, Stanford psy
chology professor, and editor of the
Journal *of Comparative and Physi
ological Psychology, is attending a
meeting today of the Board of Edi
tors at the Hotel Pennsylvania in
New York City.
Dr. Stone is also a representative
of the Division of Physiological and
Comparative Psychology to the
Council of Representatives of the
American Psychological Association.
