# Aid to Students at Berkeley.
## 
### 
The Students' Aid Society at Her
keley has issued a circular requesting
;ill business men or householders who
have any sort of work a student can do
to place the opportunity at the disposal
of the society The number of studmts
dependant or their own exertions for
support is larger this year than ever
before. Among the applicants* for
etmloymeut are proficients in nearly
every line of woi k, such as book keep
ing, type-writing, tutoring, eaije ic
ing, printing, mechanical drawing, hut
the bulk of the applications come from
those who aie willing and desirous of
doing any personal work whi h may be
offered. Nearly all the student labor
mentioned may be had in exchange for
board arid lodging.
The Students' Aid Society at Her
keley has issued a circular requesting
;ill business men or householders who
have any sort of work a student can do
to place the opportunity at the disposal
of the society The number of studmts
dependant or their own exertions for
support is larger this year than ever
before. Among the applicants* for
etmloymeut are proficients in nearly
every line of woi k, such as book keep
ing, type-writing, tutoring, eaije ic
ing, printing, mechanical drawing, hut
the bulk of the applications come from
those who aie willing and desirous of
doing any personal work whi h may be
offered. Nearly all the student labor
mentioned may be had in exchange for
board arid lodging.
