# JOFFRE DEBATE ENTRANTS READY
## Bloom, Botasof, Morris Are Card Representatives 
### 
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
After three months of intensive
study on the relation of France to
the economic crisis, Mary Katherine
Morris, Leonard Bloom, and Isador
Botasof, Stanford debaters, are pre
pared for the 39th Annual JofTre
Medal Debate with the University of
California to be held in Wheeler
Hall at Berkeley tomorrow night at
8 o'clock.

Drawing on courses in Econom
ics, History, and Political Science,
the Stanford debaters have delved
into many phases of France's eco
nomic life. Wayne Bannister and
Joseph Wolf, selected as alternates
for the debate, aided the forensic
team by translating information
from original French sources. Both
Bannister and Wolf have traveled irf
France. They will be eligible for
the debate next year.

Incapacitated and confined to a
hospital like Dink Templeton, Stan
ford track coach, James Gordon Em
erson, men's varsity debate coach,
convalescing at the Veteran's Hospi
tal at Livermore, sent a message of
encouragement to Indian orators. In
the 10 years he has been at Stan
ford, Joffre teams coached by Pro
fessor Emerson have won eight of
these contests with California.
Leland Chapin, acting debate
coach, announced that Paul de Bau
dimont, Doctor of Laws, an exchange
student from Belgium, has given the
debaters much information concern
ing the economic situation in France.

In order to be prepared for the
.specific subject which will be an
nounced two hours before the debate
tomorrow, the debaters have studied
various topics such as: "France and
Reparations," "France and the Gold
Standard," "War Debts," and "The
Financial Policy of France During
the Depression."
