# Dorothea Spinney Will Give Reading of Tragedy
## 
### 
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
Dorothea Spinney will give a recital j
of Euripides' "Electra" next Monday
evening at the Little Theatre under !
the auspices of the departments of
Literature and Romanic Languages. |
Miss Spinney, who has appeared he- i
fore several audiences previously with
her dramatic readings, will use the j
Gilbert Murray translation of the fam
ous Greek tragedy.
An invitation is extended to all who
wish to attend the reading.
