# CHEMISTRY MEN PLAN SMOKER FOR TUESDAY
## 
### 
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
A Chemistry smoker for all men in
terested in chemistry, will be given
Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Old
Union. C. R. Timpany, chairman of
arrangements for the evening, is se
curing a number of speakers and skits
for the program.
