# INSIDE
## 
### 
Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

Atoms smashed
Martin Perl pushes for the
creation of a new particle
collider.
See Science, page 7

Law passed
Pennsylvania becomes the
first state to pass a new,
restrictive abortion law.
See World & Nation, page 3

Bears bashed
Women's volleyball soundly
defeats Berkeley, 15-11, 15-
12, 15-13.
See Sports, page 11

