# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
t)uad" items is .'t p.m. of the day
before publication.
