# RUSHING CONTINUES
## 
### 
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
The Inter-Fraternity Council has
announced that although the for
mal rushing period is over, infor
mal rushing will continue through
out the remainder of the year.
