# INTERVIEWS
## Many Movie, Foreign Jobs Are Available 
### 
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
Representatives of Technicolor
Motion Picture Corporation will be
on campus today to interview 1953
graduates for the following posi
tions:
I
Jobs are available in the research
department for physics, electrical
engineering, physical chemistry,
and chemistry majors. Chemical
engineers with a B.S. or M.S. are
also needed to work in the plant
process control department. Stu
dents are asked to sign up at the
Placement Service before the in
terviews.
The sales, advertising, and treas
ury department of Procter and
Gamble has just announced that
jobs are available to natives of
Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela, and the
Philippine Islands in their own
countries. Men should have a
background in business administra
tion, economics, and accounting.
Jobs are also available to natives
of these same countries in the com
pany's factory management depart
ment. A background in chemistry
or engineering is needed. Interested
students should go to the Placement
Service for further information.
