# Roble Teatime
## 
### 

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson

OVER THE TEACUPS—Jeanne Ferrari and Janeene Knipe co-chairmen for the Roble tea discuss
last-minute details with Inga Hodgson, secretary of the sophomoie class. The tea wil be held at
Roble Hall from 3 to 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon. Rooms will be open for inspection to former oc
cupants and the special guests. New Roble officers and house director will be in the receiving
line. —Daily photo by Glenn Erickson
