# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" i> p.m. of the day
before publication.
