# Film on Formosa Will Be Shown
## 
### 
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
A Chinese documentary iilm from
Formosa, "Pattern for Progress,"
showing the operation of the United
States Mutual Aid Mission, will be
shown at 4:15 p.m. today at the Lit
tle Theater in Memorial Hall.
Professor of geology Hu bert G.
Schcnck, who was in charge of the
Mutual Aid teams initiating the pro
gram, will act as commentator.
The hour-long film, made in For
mosa by the Chinese cinematogra
pher Chuck Shih-chieh, will be open
without charge to students of Far
Eastern affairs.
