# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.

FORM DOES IT —Under the tutoring of Coach Payton Jordan,
junior Tom Meyer has become the top shot putter in Oxy his
tory. His present school record, set two weeks ago, is 54-6V2.
