# Foreign Scholarship Tryouts to Be Held
## 
### 
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
Tryouts for co-chairmen of the
Foreign Scholarship Committee will
be held tomorrow afternoon and
Saturday morning in the committee
office in the Student Union.
