# Loyalty Oaths on LASSU Agenda
## 
### 
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
A continuation of last week's
vigorous debate on loyalty oaths
is expected to top this week's
Legislature meeting at Bowman
Alumni House at 7:15 p.m. today.
Other business will include
committee reports on the campus
hostel site, a speech association
appropriation for the debate team
and a report on bicycle riding.
Also on today's agenda will be
the second reading of proposed
by-laws changes on the awarding
of athletic awards and a request
for a new Political Union appro
priation.
