# Interview Job Signups
## 
### 
Ilethleliem Steel Co., Pacific
Coast Division: Interviews Jan.
28. Openings in Steel Plant Opera
tions in Los Angeles, South San
Francisco, Seattle. All degree
levels in M.E., 1.E.. E.E. Men,
U.S. citizens only.
California State Personnel
Board, Division of Highways, Div
ision of Wafer Resources: Inter
views Jan. 28. Openings in Divi
sion of San Francisco Bay Toll
Crossings. B.S. in Civil Engineer
ing. Professional engineering
duties in surveying, design, con
struction, inspection. Men, U.S.
citizens only. Openings for sum
mer employment possibilities,
statewide. Meeting Jan. 28, Room
264, Engineering Building, for
interested sophomore and junior
students; should be Civil Engi
neering majors. Men, U.S. citizens
only.
General Food Corp.: Interviews
Jan. 28. Openings in Marketing
Management, Sales Management,
Research Management. Locations
throughout the U.S. Sales and
Marketing in Hoboken, New Jer
sey. Marketing-Advertising and
Economics major, 8.5., 8.A..
M.B.A. Men, U.S. citizens only.
Lockheed Missiles and Space
Division, Lockheed Aircraft Corp.:
Interviews Jan. 28. Openings in
Research and Development. Lo
cations in Sunnyvale, Palo Alto,
Newport Beach, Van Nuys. 8.5.,
M.S., Ph.D. in E.E., M.E.. Mathe
matics. Physics, Physical and
Organic Chemistry. U.S. citizens
only.
Northrnp Aviation Corp., Nor
air, Nortionics, Kadioplane Divi
sions: Interviews Jan. 28, 29.
Openings in Engineering Depart
ments, three divisions. Locations
in Anaheim. Hawthorne, Van
Nuys. 8.5., M.S., Ph.D. in A.E.,
C.E., E.E., M.E., Mathematics,
Physics. U.S. citizens only.
