# New Men's Conference Holds First Meeting After Election
## 
### 
Student government under the new
consitution was set in motion last
night at the first meeting of the re
organized Men's Conference. The
nomination of ten upperclassmen,
from whom qualified electors of the
student body shall elect five to com
pose the Student Council, was post
poned until April 27.
Due to the fact that a majority of
the nominees for the Council will be
drawn from the Conference member
ship, and that the Conference mem
bership was revealed for the first
time last night, it was considered ad
visable to allow another week for
consideration of candidates. The
election of the Council will be held
within a day or two after the nom
inations have been made next Thurs
day night.
