# Women's Tennis Varsity to Compete With U.C.Tomorrow
## 
### 
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
Annual intercollegiate matches in
women's tennis will he played off to
morrow morning between the Stanford
and University of California women.
Five contests will take place on the
I'. C. courts—first, second, and third
singles and first and second doubles.
The Stanford varsity will be composed
of Miss Maud Lowell, '16, Miss Ethel
Lee, '10, Miss Madeline Turner, '16,
Miss Edna I fay ward, gr., and Miss
Ellen Andrews, '16. Miss Lowell, Miss
Lee and Miss Turner will play the
singles; Miss Lowell and Miss Lee the
first doubles, and Miss May ward and
Miss Andrews second doubles.
