# FRENCH HONOR PERSHING
## 
### 
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
PARIS, Oct. 18 (UP). —General
John J. Pershing, commander of the
American Expeditionary Forces in
France during the World War, was
made an honorary citizen of Saint
Die today in a ceremony at the
United States Embassy. American
troops were quartered in the town
during the war.
El Campo Club announces the
membership of Harold Robinson, '40;
Harry Nethery, '39; Ray Olson, grad
uate; Bill Ritchey, '39; Norm Chris
tensen, '40, and Les Johnson, '40.
