# Sets Precedent
## 
### 

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.

LOUIS I). IJItANDEIS, associate
justice of the Supreme Court,
leaves the White House, where he
set a precedent for himself to con
sult with the President about the
Jewish refugee problem in Pal
estine.
