# These Are Classic Campus Outfits
## 
### 

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.

PRO\ IN(j that (lie sport suit and three-quarter length coat are always
good, are these two models. Note the little vest on the suit, a new
note to touch up last year's hand-me-down.
