# 'Up Curls' In; Page-Boy Out
## Style Reminiscent Of Crinoline Days 
### 
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
Your head is important! Not only
what you have in it, but what you
have on top of it. That brings us to
the coiffure. Paris says hair is "up."
American women in droves try to
follow suit. The sheep have nothing
on them.
Moon-faces and hatchet-faces are
halo-ed with grandmothers' hair
styles. Skinny and bony necks are
displayed. Double chins reveal that
they are triple. Enlarged ears flap
in the breeze. Moles and birthmarks
glow in the sun. So say the critical
—the conservative.
HAIR DRESS FEMININE
It is the only truly feminine hair
dress. It is reminiscent of magnolia
blossoms and crinolines, wafting
scents of the Old South. Mystery,
excitement, suspense are incorpor
ated in these locks. So says the pro
tagonist.
As for the other, more mundane,
fashions. Page-boy bobs are out!
This from the beauty parlors who
find that their previous customers
can arrange this style without the
beauticians' aid.
Keep the "up" stuff for evening;
trot out the wind-swept curls for
the campus. Stick to your type,
match your hair to your personality
and you'll make the grade.
