# DUCK HUNTER'S JACKET
## 
### 
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
A water-proof, cotton-gabardine,
Norfolk jacket with bellows pockets
and matching trousers will serve to
put the duck hunter at his ease, ac
cording to male fashion authorities.
