# NAZI TRUCE IMMINENT
## 
### 
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
VIENNA, Oct. 18 (UP).—A trucc
favorable to the Nazi regime and
ending violent anti-Catholic demon
strations in Vienna appeared immi
nent tonight after posting of a mani
festo by the Catholic Action, youth
organization of the church and
storm-center of the disorders.
