# SCORNS PIANIST
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Now that the liquor inquiry lies on
the dusty shelf of oblivion, may I
recommend a new investigation?
The after-dark activities of places
frequented by minors are nothing
compared to what goes on in the
Women's Clubhouse after sunrise.
Some pervert with musical preten
sions, indefatigable energy, and no
talent has apparently exercised the
light, of eminent domain and appro
priated the piano for herself. A
horrible biological anomaly, how
ever, is responsible for the other
instrument in the combination. The
result is a "soprano" ah-ah-ah-aria
on Guido's scale, with piano accom
paniment. Thank God for three
morning classes, but 1 do resent be
ing driven to auditing an eleven
o'clock. May I suggest a marshaling
of campus forces?
—"Eardrum"

SCRANTON, Pu., Oct. 18 (UP).—
Eddie Zivic decisioned Tony Can
zoneri, former featherweight and
light-weight champion, in a 10-rmmd
bout here last night.
