# Roble to Sponsor Second Jolly-Up of Summer Term
## 
### 
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
Roble Club is giving a 12 o'clock
party tonight. A program of songs,
piano selections, and dramatic mono
logue will begin at 8:30 o'clock and
will last about an hour. After that
there will be dancing and card-playing
in the lobby until midnight. The musi
cal program is under the direction of
Judith Tornell.
