# TREE SURGERY SAVES PALO ALTO REDWOOD
## 
### 
Tree surgery, protection, and proper
care, have rarely proved so effective
as in the case of the Palo Alto tree,
which as a result of excellent treat
ment, has shown new life of late.

Several years ago the redwood,
which has been one of the principal
landmarks of the Santa Clara valley
since the time of the missions, showed
signs of the approaching end. Action
was taken to save its roots from in
roads of the San Francisquito Creek
by the building of a concrete retain
ing wall. Dead wood was removed, the
holes were properly filled, and a park
was created around the tree.

The Palo Alto is best known to
Stanford people as the subject for the
design of the University seal. It is be
lieved that the action taken in pre
serving the giant redwood will prolong
Its life for an indefinite period.
