# Facts, Figures
## 
### 
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
By the Associated Press
Contestants — Milwaukee
Braves, National League, and
New York Yankees, American
League.
Length — Best of seven
games.
Dates and sites —First game,
today, Yankee Stadium; second
game, tomorrow, ankee Sta
dium; third game, Saturday,
County Stadium; fourth game,
Sunday, County Stadium; fifth
game if necessary, Monday,
County Stadium; sixth game if
necessary, Wednesday, Yankee
Stadium; seventh game if nec
essary, Thursday, Yankee Sta
dium.
Starting time —9 a.m. PST at
Yankee Stadium; 11 a.m. PST
at County Stadium.
Probable crowd —70,000 open
ing day at Yankee Stadium.
Television — Coast to coast
NBC.
Radio —Coast to coast NBC.
Opening day pitchers—Left
hander Warren Spahn, 21-11,
Braves; left - bander Whitey
Ford, 11-5, Yankees.
Odds —Yankees 8-5 favorites
to win series; Yankees 7-5 fa
vorites to win opening game.
Weather outlook — Mostly
fair with temperature about 70
for opening game.
