# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Napoleon 'No. 32, 185 lbs.,
5-11, 25 • year • old senior from
Honolulu) had two years of
junior college ball and played
on the 1953 Indian team which
beat UCLA 21-20. He caught
Kvo passes for touchdowns, the
last of which beat the Bruins.
Is an excellent pass receiver,
has great running ability, but
needs work on defense.

Swanson (No. 54. 203 lbs., 6-
ft 19-year-old junior from San
Francisco) has been doing a
great job since Roch Conklin
has been out with injuries,
working behind Russ Steele
who moved over from guard
position. Most effective with
his blocking. Played on last
year's Braves team and was a
front ranker in rugby.


Ah NAPOLEON
Back


PETE SWANSON
Center
