# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The season has opened and has been
started in an auspicious manner. By
this statement we mean that Rugby is
now receiving the support from the
side-lines that it should get and that
there is every indication tha the Stu
dent Body has the intention of assist
ing the squad in their work each day
throughout the season in the same
manner. If the attendance for the
past three days is any index to the
number of men that will support foot
ball during the season, there is every
reason to believe that the Associated
Students are to give the major sport
its proper attention. But this support
cannot last a week or fourteen days,
—it must extend throughout the sea
son. This year means more than a
fight between the two fifteens, — it
means a struggle from each and every
student in the University. If you are
standing by the team you will appear
often in the field adjoining the saw
dust arena.
