# CONCERT TICKETS
## 
### 
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
Tickets for the concert which
will be given in the Memorial
Church by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra, on the
evening of Founders' Day, will
still be available for students
upon presentation of student body
cards at the ticket booth in the
Administration Building, between
1 and 3 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. Members of the faculty
and administrative staff may se
cure tickets at the Registrar's
office, between 9 and 12 o'clock,
tomorrow morning.
The San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra, under the direction of
Alfred Hertz, has already given
two concerts at Stanford this
winter. The program for this
concert will include the Sym
phony No. 2, in D Major, by
Brahms; a Russian Easter Over
ture by Rimsky-Korsakov; an air
from the D Major suite of Bach,
and "Death and Transfiguration,"
a symphonic poem, by Strauss.
