# "War Gave Oriental Women Independence," Says Mrs. J.K. Cecil
## 
### 
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
"It was the recent war that brought
out women's independence in the Ori
ent; for where there were only two
colleges for women in all of India,
China, and Japan before the war, there
are now seven." This was the gist of
Mrs. J. K. Cecil's talk on "Union Col
leges of the Orient," at the Y. W. C.
A. meeting in the Women's Clubhouse,
Thursday afternoon.
"It is a matter of Christian econ
omics to establish schools in the Ori
ent where the students will not have
to learn a new language or leave their
native land -for an education," Mrs.
Cecil said. There is not only a lack
of sanitary knowledge in the Orient,
but a belief in superstitions which
impose atrocities upon the natives.
Mrs. Cecil's argument for the neces
sity of bettering the economic condi
tions in the Near East was summed
up with the words: "The hope of
future life may not mean as much to
these people as present living condi
tions."
After the address by Mrs. Cecil, no
minations were made for the officers
of next year's Y. W. C. A. cabinet.
The following were nominated: Presi
dent, Marion Potter, '22; vice presi
dent, Helen Whitney, '24; treasurer,
Lysle Blythe, '23; secretary, Ethel
Mohr, '24; undergraduate field repre
sentative, Pearl Buiulick, '23.
Further nominations can be made
in writing to Marjorie Woolsey, the
general secretary, at the Women's
Clubhouse.
