# Maloney Appointed To A.A.U. Track Committee
## 
### 
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
Harry Maloney, director of minor |
sports, has recently been notified of
his appointment to the track and
field committee of the American
Athletic Union, by its president, j
Avery Brundage.
Maloney will be in charge of re
gional activities of the A.A.U., and
will aid in selection and i-ecommen
dation of athletes to participate in
national meets.
