# INTERNATIONAL TABLE
## 
### 
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
The International Table will meet
at 12:10 o'clock today in the Union
Alcove. The meeting is open to all
students.
