# Toyon, Branner Clubs File Officer Petitions
## 
### 
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
Prospective officers of Toyon and
Branner Clubs have until tomorrow
evening to file petitions for nomina
tion with present club presidents.
Branner offers six elective posi
tions: president, vice-president, sec
retary, plus three class representa
tives, while Toyon offers the first
three positions only. Each petition
requires the signatures of 15 club
members.
Branner elections will be held
Thursday morning from 10 to 11
o'clock in the lobby. Toyon postpones
its elections until Monday, Febru
ary 12.
