# TOO GOOD
## 
### 
Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

Although Chuck Rogers and
Gordie Mallatratt played sensa
tional guarding games for Stan
lord. California Captain Hal Ei
fert (below) was too hot to he
stopped Saturday night and
scored 1(> points.

