# DO PROFESSORS DRIVE STUDENTS OUT?
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Mr. Strouse, writing in the Bull
Session of February 1, did a service
in criticizing a mode of conduct un
becoming to au audience of Univer
sity students. But 1 should like to
add a few remarks.
The value or Mr. Strouse : s criti
cism lies, in my opinion, not so much
in what he wrote as in the suggest-
Iveness of what he left unwritten.
Perhaps there are other factors than
mere boorishness, or thoughtless
ness, or hashing which cause the
student to walk out of the lecture
hall as soon as the appointed hour of
dismissal is past. When a group of
people leave an audience before the
speaker has completed his discourse,
it is evident that (aside from extra
cidinary reasons) they attach less
value to what the speaker is saying
and is likely to say than to what
they intend to do.

There seems to be, aside from a
certain gratification for the profes
sor and a tolerant and sometimes ac
tive interest by the student, no jus
tification for the lecture except as it
will give to the student something
which he does not get from the ordi
nary text-books; unless the lecturer
can give this "something" (and it
must be more than an infinitesimal
quantity), how is he to justify the j
use of his own time and energy or !
that of his students?
Perhaps the action referred to will ;
tend to exercise a salutory influence. |
The lecturer, if he is a searching}
self-critic, may not be content to
accept the opinion that they were |
"thoughtless boors." In the twelfth j
century, when competition was j
