# Austrian Appeal
## 
### 
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
Austria will appeal to the League
today for aid against Nazi activities
to undermine Chancellor Dollfuss'
regime. Other recent developments
of Austria's long fight to remain in
dependent: an extraordinary session
of the League council will meet Feb
ruary 12. with Germany invited to
attend; a recent declaration by Hit
ler that he has no designs on Austria
—at present.
