# Noted Evangelist Opens Campaign
## 
### 

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.

Billy Sunday, famed evangelist, is back again with another campaign
Here he is as he opened his meeting series in Gotham in another attcmp
to reform the patrons of the Great White Way.
