# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
APPLICATIONS FOR THE GRADUATE RESIDENT / R.A.
positions in University and Fraternity residences are
available on the third floor of the Old Union, and are
due on MARCH 15. Definition of the positions and more
information are available there from Mrs. Gloria
Smith.
