# Athlete indicted
## 
### 

Reuters
Dallas Cowboys' star receiver Michael Irvin was indicted yes
terday by a Dallas grand jury on two drug charges. Irvin was
indicted on possession of marijuana and a controlled sub
stance stemming from his appearance at a hotel in which an
arrest was made March 4.

Reuters
Dallas Cowboys' star receiver Michael Irvin was indicted yes
terday by a Dallas grand jury on two drug charges. Irvin was
indicted on possession of marijuana and a controlled sub
stance stemming from his appearance at a hotel in which an
arrest was made March 4.

Reuters
Dallas Cowboys' star receiver Michael Irvin was indicted yes
terday by a Dallas grand jury on two drug charges. Irvin was
indicted on possession of marijuana and a controlled sub
stance stemming from his appearance at a hotel in which an
arrest was made March 4.

Reuters
Dallas Cowboys' star receiver Michael Irvin was indicted yes
terday by a Dallas grand jury on two drug charges. Irvin was
indicted on possession of marijuana and a controlled sub
stance stemming from his appearance at a hotel in which an
arrest was made March 4.

Reuters
Dallas Cowboys' star receiver Michael Irvin was indicted yes
terday by a Dallas grand jury on two drug charges. Irvin was
indicted on possession of marijuana and a controlled sub
stance stemming from his appearance at a hotel in which an
arrest was made March 4.
