# SPECIAL NOTICES
## 
### 
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
Lost—Fraternity signet ring, in
Tuesday rush. Please address Box B.
Will the person who took a red
sweater vest from the Zeta hedge,
kindly return same to 18 Alvarado. L.
C. Rodge,rs.
