# Alumni Active In Entomology Work.
## 
### 
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
L. Rust, '10, who has been since
graduation the assistant government
entomologist of Peru, has been ap
pointed entomological field expert to
the Federal Horticultural Hoard. His
headquarters will be at Washington,
D. C.
