# A 						Dramatic Club.
## 
### 
The lady students of Vassal- are
preparing to give the tragedy of
"Antigone of Sophocles" in Greek
costume and Greek tongue All the
parts will be taken by the lady stu
dents. Some of their costumes will
be bought, others they are now mak
ing among themselves.
Harvard male students have ren-'
dered Mendelssohn's "Antigone,' -
and Cornell has given part of the
some production. It would be a
profitable work for the Glee Club to
take up. And could not there be
enough voices put together to build
up a rendering of it? Would it not
be a grand thing for commencement
week, with a chorus of forty voices
and orchestra? Could not our fair
co-workers organize and prepare
a production of some classical work,
such as the "Spinning Chorus" from
the "Flying Dutchman," with or
chestra? Then, could not both unite
and give something like the "Re
demption Hymn," by Parker? This
would not only be entertaining, but
also profitable and delightful as a
change. The talent is surely here
lying bid. "What is needed is organ
ization and a common interest.
The lady students of Vassal- are
preparing to give the tragedy of
"Antigone of Sophocles" in Greek
costume and Greek tongue All the
parts will be taken by the lady stu
dents. Some of their costumes will
be bought, others they are now mak
ing among themselves.
Harvard male students have ren-'
dered Mendelssohn's "Antigone,' -
and Cornell has given part of the
some production. It would be a
profitable work for the Glee Club to
take up. And could not there be
enough voices put together to build
up a rendering of it? Would it not
be a grand thing for commencement
week, with a chorus of forty voices
and orchestra? Could not our fair
co-workers organize and prepare
a production of some classical work,
such as the "Spinning Chorus" from
the "Flying Dutchman," with or
chestra? Then, could not both unite
and give something like the "Re
demption Hymn," by Parker? This
would not only be entertaining, but
also profitable and delightful as a
change. The talent is surely here
lying bid. "What is needed is organ
ization and a common interest.
