# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is one piece of advice that
the freshman will do well to regard
— don't miss the Tuesday evening
lectures. In a University where
specialization is carried to full
est development, one should grasp
every opportunity for broadening
and enlarging his mental horizon,
and the Tuesday evening lectures
irr planned to assist this result

with the least expenditure of time
and energy. Specialists from all
the departments give, in a terse and
popular style, the latest and most
interesting developments in their
particular lines. A regular attend
ance at such a course must tend
to take one out of his old, well
worn rut, and to correct the per
fectly natural tendency toward
magnifying the importance of one's
own line of work. Attend regularly
the Tuesday evening lectures, even
if you have to take the time out of
your regular University work.
There is one piece of advice that
the freshman will do well to regard
— don't miss the Tuesday evening
lectures. In a University where
specialization is carried to full
est development, one should grasp
every opportunity for broadening
and enlarging his mental horizon,
and the Tuesday evening lectures
irr planned to assist this result

with the least expenditure of time
and energy. Specialists from all
the departments give, in a terse and
popular style, the latest and most
interesting developments in their
particular lines. A regular attend
ance at such a course must tend
to take one out of his old, well
worn rut, and to correct the per
fectly natural tendency toward
magnifying the importance of one's
own line of work. Attend regularly
the Tuesday evening lectures, even
if you have to take the time out of
your regular University work.
There is one piece of advice that
the freshman will do well to regard
— don't miss the Tuesday evening
lectures. In a University where
specialization is carried to full
est development, one should grasp
every opportunity for broadening
and enlarging his mental horizon,
and the Tuesday evening lectures
irr planned to assist this result

with the least expenditure of time
and energy. Specialists from all
the departments give, in a terse and
popular style, the latest and most
interesting developments in their
particular lines. A regular attend
ance at such a course must tend
to take one out of his old, well
worn rut, and to correct the per
fectly natural tendency toward
magnifying the importance of one's
own line of work. Attend regularly
the Tuesday evening lectures, even
if you have to take the time out of
your regular University work.
There is one piece of advice that
the freshman will do well to regard
— don't miss the Tuesday evening
lectures. In a University where
specialization is carried to full
est development, one should grasp
every opportunity for broadening
and enlarging his mental horizon,
and the Tuesday evening lectures
irr planned to assist this result

with the least expenditure of time
and energy. Specialists from all
the departments give, in a terse and
popular style, the latest and most
interesting developments in their
particular lines. A regular attend
ance at such a course must tend
to take one out of his old, well
worn rut, and to correct the per
fectly natural tendency toward
magnifying the importance of one's
own line of work. Attend regularly
the Tuesday evening lectures, even
if you have to take the time out of
your regular University work.
