# Euphronia.
## 
### 
Euphronia met Saturday evening,
with about twenty of the old mem
bers present, and elected the follow
ing officers : President, Bell; vice
president, Lewers ; secretary-treas
urer, Hull ; critics, Pierson and
Bledsoe.
The first regular literary meeting
will beheld next Saturday evening,
at 7:80, in room 81 quad, at which
all students, and especially men
students, are invited to be present.
Euphronia met Saturday evening,
with about twenty of the old mem
bers present, and elected the follow
ing officers : President, Bell; vice
president, Lewers ; secretary-treas
urer, Hull ; critics, Pierson and
Bledsoe.
The first regular literary meeting
will beheld next Saturday evening,
at 7:80, in room 81 quad, at which
all students, and especially men
students, are invited to be present.
Euphronia met Saturday evening,
with about twenty of the old mem
bers present, and elected the follow
ing officers : President, Bell; vice
president, Lewers ; secretary-treas
urer, Hull ; critics, Pierson and
Bledsoe.
The first regular literary meeting
will beheld next Saturday evening,
at 7:80, in room 81 quad, at which
all students, and especially men
students, are invited to be present.
Euphronia met Saturday evening,
with about twenty of the old mem
bers present, and elected the follow
ing officers : President, Bell; vice
president, Lewers ; secretary-treas
urer, Hull ; critics, Pierson and
Bledsoe.
The first regular literary meeting
will beheld next Saturday evening,
at 7:80, in room 81 quad, at which
all students, and especially men
students, are invited to be present.
