# Meeting of Executive Committee.
## 
### 
The Executive Committee of the
student body met at 7 p.m. Mon
day. The salary of the football
manager was not definitely fixed
and that of the treasurer came up
for discussion. It was decided that
the present treasurer should not be
held liable for debts incurred by
any former officials. The treasurer
was elected an honorary member
of the Committee, with (he privi
lege of attending all meetings. The
ten per cent, commission proposed
for collectors of the student body
assessment was not allowed. After
some discussion the Athletic Com
mittee and the treasurer were auth
orized to make such changes in the
football grounds as might seem
best. The Committee then ad
journed.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met at 7 p.m. Mon
day. The salary of the football
manager was not definitely fixed
and that of the treasurer came up
for discussion. It was decided that
the present treasurer should not be
held liable for debts incurred by
any former officials. The treasurer
was elected an honorary member
of the Committee, with (he privi
lege of attending all meetings. The
ten per cent, commission proposed
for collectors of the student body
assessment was not allowed. After
some discussion the Athletic Com
mittee and the treasurer were auth
orized to make such changes in the
football grounds as might seem
best. The Committee then ad
journed.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met at 7 p.m. Mon
day. The salary of the football
manager was not definitely fixed
and that of the treasurer came up
for discussion. It was decided that
the present treasurer should not be
held liable for debts incurred by
any former officials. The treasurer
was elected an honorary member
of the Committee, with (he privi
lege of attending all meetings. The
ten per cent, commission proposed
for collectors of the student body
assessment was not allowed. After
some discussion the Athletic Com
mittee and the treasurer were auth
orized to make such changes in the
football grounds as might seem
best. The Committee then ad
journed.
The Executive Committee of the
student body met at 7 p.m. Mon
day. The salary of the football
manager was not definitely fixed
and that of the treasurer came up
for discussion. It was decided that
the present treasurer should not be
held liable for debts incurred by
any former officials. The treasurer
was elected an honorary member
of the Committee, with (he privi
lege of attending all meetings. The
ten per cent, commission proposed
for collectors of the student body
assessment was not allowed. After
some discussion the Athletic Com
mittee and the treasurer were auth
orized to make such changes in the
football grounds as might seem
best. The Committee then ad
journed.
