# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Special Students' Sale. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
Take your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
ALLEN OIL CO.
First Church of Christ, Scientist —
Services in the Madison-Thoits build
ing Sunday at 11 a. m., subject,
"Man." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
