# Dr. Lutoslawski Lectures Twice.
## 
### 
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
Professor Wincenty Lutoslawski
lectured this morning before Profes
sor Sabine's History of Philosophy
class on Plato. In regard to Plato
he said that he was the originator
of the ideal philosophy, and there
for he is most interesting. He then
said whatever the views of certain
narrow materialistic philosophers
may be, great thinkers always come
back to Plato.
Before Professor Veblen's class on
socialism Dr. Lutoslawski lectured
on the condition of "Socialism in
Poland." He said, "Poland is the
most typically individualistic coun
try in the world and just the oppo
site sort of people to take up social
ism. The Polish people took up so
cialism as a remedy to their nation
al troubles with Russia."
