# Team Goes Tomorrow.
## 
### 
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
A wire from Holmes late this after
noon gives a $350 guarantee. The
team of 14 men with Sales leaves to
morrow night Macfarland will name
the team tomorrow. The relay will
count five.
