# Play May be Resumed Tomorrow
## 
### 
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
If the good weather continues, play
will he resumed tomorrow in the sec
ond trvout tournament for the Inter
collegiate tennis team which meet-
California n \pril jo. hight men
still remain in the tournament. They
are Delano, Henry, Parton, Gott.
Newland, Brackett, Moore, and Math
ewson.
