# GOOD-WILL TOUR
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3. (>P)— Sixty
airplanes will take off from the Metro
politan Airport here at 8:30 a.m. to
morrow on a goodwill tour of Cali
fornia.
