# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
A bride and groom at Huntington,
Ind., weighed 549 and 563 pounds re
spectively.
