# Y.W.C.A. Gives Tea Next Monday.
## 
### 
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
The cabinet and the executive com
mittee of the Y. W. C. A. will give a
tea next Monday in honor of their
advisory board. The tea will be held
at the home of Mrs. Green, 13 Salva
tlerra. Mrs. Green is chairman of the
board. All members of the associa
tion are welcome from 4:ort-fi:00.
