# STUDENT LOCATED
## 
### 
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
On January 6 the Stanford Daily
carried the story that Anthony
Granese of Sacramento wished to get
in touch with a student who had as
sisted him in viewing the campus.
The student. George Andreini, saw
the story and learned that Granese
was trying to locate him. Communi
cation between the two has now been
effected.
