# KAWAI WILL SPEAK AT Y.W.C.A. OPEN FORUM
## 
### 
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
Kazuo Kawai, a Stanford graduate
student in history and political sci
ence, will speak at. an open meeting
of the Y.W.C.A. to be held downstairs
in the Women's Clubhouse at 7:15
o'clock tomorrow night.
His subject will be "The Second
Generation Japanese Problem in Cali
fornia." Kawai is an American-born
Japanese, and has studied this sub
ject. extensively.
Before the open forum, the Senior
Cabinet will meet for f> o'clock sup
per to discuss business. The program
for the quarter, including the Asilo
mar house party, convention at Sacra
mento, plans for Asilomar Conference,
membership, will be discussed. This
meeting was postponed from yester
day, as was previously announced.
