# "BULLETIN" SALE DENIED
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 17.—( U.P.)
—Rumors that the San Francisco
Bulletin, evening newspaper, had
been sold, were denied today by both
the publisher and the reputed new
owner.
William Hines, publisher and edi
tor, flatly denied reports that the
paper had been sold to Herbert
Fleishhacker.
Fleishhaclcer branded reports that
he had purchased the paper as "abso
lutely untrue."
