# Krough Announces Ticket Sale for Toyon Formal
## 
### 
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
Tickets will go on sale tonight for
the Toyon Formal to be held Febru- ■
ary 3, Ted Krough, manager of Toyon ,
Club, announced yesterday. The sale
will be held from 7 to 9 o'clock for
members of the club. Brooks-Worth
ington nine-piece orchestra will play
at the dance.
