# Latin Teachers in Demand Claims Texas Instructor
## 
### 
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
AUSTIN, Texas, Jan. 17.—(1.P.)—
Students who prepare themselves to
teach Latin, science, or mathematics
are practically assured of securirg
teaching positions, according to
Miriam A. Dozier, secretary of the
Teachers Appointment Committee of
the University of Texas. Last year
there were more vacancies for Latin
teachers than could be filled, and
there are never enough science and
mathematics teachers to supply the
demand for them.
