# Freshman Raid Mates In Wellesley Mix-up
## 
### 
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
WELLESLEY, Mass.— (T.P.)—Wel
leslcy College freshmen found them
selves struggling with their class
mates instead of combatting the
sophomores when the second-year wo
men recently invaded their election
meeting early one morning before
dawn.
The freshmen had met secretly and
had selected their president when a
band of sophomores climbed the
stairs and broke in the door. The
candles which provided the illumina
tion went out. Unable to locate the
new president and carry her off as
planned, the sophomores stood aside
and listened gleefully to the rumpus
which ensued, as the freshmen, think
ing they were being attacked by the
upperclassmen, fought among them
selves in the dark. No severe casual
ties resulted.
