# FRENCH AVIATORS LAND
## 
### 
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Jan. 17. —
(TT.P.) —The French aviators, I)ieu
donne Costes and Joseph Le Brix,
landed at Maracay Field, Caracas, at
5:45 p.m., today, on their 1,000-mile
non-stop flight from Panama City.
