# PHI sig PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of William Farnsworth Orr,
o(3.
