# Gaudy New Materials Brighten Play Suits
## 
### 
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
Chic, colorful, gaudy, and unusual
describe the newest three-piece play
suits for the spring and summer
months now being displayed in the
windows and sales rooms of the lead
ing fashion shops throughout the
country.
The most popular and reasonably
priced style is made from striped
broadcloth, pottery - colored seer
suckers, and gaudy plaids. The
blouse is of shirt-waist style, the
shorts double-breasted with ivory
colored buttons arranged on either
side, and the skirt buttoned down
the front with the same buttons as
the shorts.
