# CRISP LACE
## 
### 

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.

From I. Magnin's comes this
aqua-marine evening gown of
starched lace, which Peggy Place is
wearing. A small jacket quickly
transforms it to a .dinner dress.
—Boye Photo.
