# Strike Called Against War
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28 (/»')■ A Na
tionwide one-hour strike of students
opposed to war and Fascism has been
called for April 12.
Spokesmen for the Columbia Uni
versity anti-war committee, which
announced the call, said they ex
pected at least 100,000 college stu
dents and 20,000 high school pupils
to participate. Nearly 100 institu
tions will be represented, the com
mittee said, with presidents and
deans leading the protestants at
some colleges.
Indorsement of the strike has been
given, spokesmen added, by the Na
tional Council of Methodist Youth,
with 1,000,000 members; the Middle
Atlantic division of the Inter-Semi
nary Movement, the Student League
of Industrial Democracy and the
National Students' Leagur.
