# NOVEL TRIM
## 
### 

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.

Two shades of lastex form tight
waist and sleeve bands on this
white crepe sport c!rc>s. Lucy
Power is modeling the frock,
which comes from Livingston's.
—I*o\ c Photo.
