# All-University Hoop Team Chosen
## 
### 
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
The following all-University bas
ketball team was selected from
among 300 intramural basketball
competitors:
Left forward, Roger Mungcr,
Breakers; right forward, Ralph
Nelson, Phi Sigma Kappa; center,
llarlan Carter, Breakers; left
guard, George Vigue, Breakers;
right guard, Ted Lerch, El Campo.
The team represents the judgments
of John Bunn, Stanford varsity
coach; Marvie Kahn, intramural
manager; and Referees Frank Stew
art, Arne Anderson and Gordon Mal
latratt, who observed all teams at
one time or another during the intra
mural season.
Special mention was given Owsley
Hammond, Business School; Niels
Larson, D.K.E.; Wally Brooke, Phi
Psi: Will Hinkley, El Campo; and
Harold Fulkerson, El Campo.
Honorable notice was given the
following: Alex Trompas, Theta
Chi; Ralph MacMiehael, Alpha Delta
Phi; Robert Wardwell, Phi Sigma
Kappa; Sam Lee, El Campo; Ray
Williamson, Breakers; and Jim
"Monk" Moscrip, Zeta Psi.
