# Bi-Swing Back jackets Holdover from Winter
## 
### 
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
One-colored shirred-backed jacket
sweaters will continue as a major
item in the male campusite's clothing
necessities throughout the spring.
This is the forecast of leading Palo
Alto haberdasheries despite radical
striped and checked multi-cplored
styles shown by Esquire and other
eastern style magazines.
A carry-over from fall and winter
models, shirred-backs will be the
outstanding feature of the spring
showings. Some of the more con
servative sweaters will carry a more
modified bi-swing back. Unique,
however, is the new sport-backed
sleeveless with zipper fastener.
