# PICTURES TODAY
## 
### 
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
4:15 o'clock — Varsity and frosh
baseball squads at the Sunken Dia
mond.
4:40 o'clock Scabbard and Illade
in the Union Court.
