# PRACTICAL
## 
### 

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.

This smart outfit is just (lie tiling
for the college man of limited ex
penses. Right for <\ny occasion.
