# KA Secession
## 
### 
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
In honor of its annual Dixie
Ball on Saturday evening Kappa
Alpha Fraternity announces its
secession from the ASSU effec
tive today. The ante helium cos
tume affair will be preceded to
day at noon by a proclamation of
secession in front of the house.
