# Newman Club Sets Spanish Fiesta
## 
### 
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
The Stanford Newman Club will
host Mills girls, Santa Clara men,
and local members at a Spanish
Fiesta Sunday.
Festivities, including volleyball,
croquet, dancing, and refreshments
will begin at 2 p.m. in the Newman
Club gardens at 1247 Cowper. A
limited number of members can par
ticipate. Interested students may
contact Bev Hensing at Manzanita.
