# Farm Economists Will Go to Berlin
## 
### 
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
Two Stanford professors are vr
route to the Free University ot Bet
lin under terms of a Ford Founda
tion grant to the University.
Professor Karl Brandt, associate
director of the Food Research In !i~
tute at Stanford, and Professor Her
bert D. Mcritt of the Englbli D
partment will serve as exchange
professors in economics druing the
winter quarter. '
