# FOOTNOTE
## 
### 
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
to student travel. Travel to Europ#
the NSA*-way...a low-cost, meaning
ful, student to student travel program
combining the best elements of tour
travel with independent travel. A 54
day program visiting five countries
costs $820, all inclusive including
transportation! Study programs avail
able to Africa, Latin America and Far
East.
Write: U S. National Student Associa
tion, Dept. A, 2161 Shattuck Ave.,
Berkeley 4, Calif.
*The U.S. National Student At'
tociation is a non-profit ecrvica
organisation.
