# RA Positions Open for Fall
## 
### 
Applications for Resident
Assistant positions for the
coming academic year may
be submitted to the Dean of
Men's Office now. Fifty-four
positions are available and
the stipend is full room and
board. Final selections will
be made during Spring Quar
ter.
Desirable qualifications for
the position include a strong
academic record, full time
non-student experience (such
as military service or work
ing), and a genuine desire to
work with undergraduate
students.
David Larimer, Assistant
Dean of Men. will be glad to
talk with anyone who is in
terested in applying for one
of these positions.
