# Soviet Geologist Talks Tomorrow
## 
### 
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
Dr. V. I. Smirnov, Russian ge
ologist in this country on an ex
change science program, will
speak Thursday on "Metallogenic
Characteristic:; of Geosynelines."
The public is invited to the lec
ture at 1 p.m. in the School of
Education building, Room (J.
Dr. Smirnov heads the Depart
ment of Geology of Useful Min
erals at Moscow State University
and is spending a month in the
United States under an exchange
agreement between the national
science academies of the two
countries.
He is a specialist in the geology
and geochemistry of ore deposits
and prospecting. His 200 scien
tific works include 10 books.
Numerous iransaltions have been
published in foreign languages.
