# Ski Club to Hold Winter Carnival
## 
### 
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
Stanford Ski Club will hold its
all-campus winter carnival this
coming weekend at the Reno Ski
Bowl. Sign-ups for the three-day
event will he posted in the Nitery
today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Free ski lessons will be given
Saturday morning to Ski Club'
members. Men antf women will
compete that afternoon in inter
f'lub, intermediate and bunny
races. A banquet will be held in
the evening.
Special rates will he given on
lodgings, meals and tows, accord
ing to John Masterson, president.
Additional information may be
obtained at a meeting of the Ski
Club on Wednesday.
Nonmembers may attend the
week-end carnival.
