# ARCHAEOLOGIST TO TALK ON MYCENAE
## 
### 
An illustrated lecture on "Mycenae,
the Wonder City of Ancient Greece,"
will be given by Allen John Wace,
Director of the British School of
Archaeology in Athens, Tuesday eve
ning in the Little Theatre.
Director Wace is a member of the
Council of the Hellenic Society. Dur
ing the war he served as attache of
the British legation at Athens, and
afterwards participated in a number
of excavations in Greece. He was in
charge of the excavation at Sparta
which uncovered the shrine of Helen
and Menolaus. He has also headed
archaeological works in Thessaly and
recently at Mycenae. The American
School in Gre'ece received his assist
ance in excavations at Corinth.
During twenty years in Greece, Di
rector Wace traveled in Macedonia,
Crete, and the Greek Islands. He has
gathered an important and interesting
collection of Greek embroideries.
