# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOCRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Stromberg Carlson,
Croslcy, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGES
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
