# FARM LOOKS ON....
## 
### 
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
San Francisco's 67-day-old ware
house strike was settled yesterday
afternoon when employers aeeepted a
compromise wage offer by the Ware
housemen's Union; the union then
voted by acclamation to approve it.
An Alameda County Superior
Court jury last night found all four
defendants in the "ship murder" case
guilty of second degree murder. The
men were charged with murder of
George Alberts, chief engineer of the
stamer Point Lobos on March 22.
Spanish Loyalist government last
night publicly accused Germany of
using blackmail methods in its inter
national dealings and declared that
it "cannot accept" them. They also
implied that they were ready to meet
force with force, with regard to the
recent actions of German warships in
Spanish waters.
Willi the opening of the 75th Con
gress yesterday, administration lead
ers immediately opened a drive to
enact legislation within 72 hours
banning shipment of arms, ammuni
tion, and implements of war to
Spain.
