# Ada Martin Attends A.S.U. Convention
## 
### 
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
Reaffirming of the Oxford Oath
against war and a resolution favoring
the American Youth Act were two of
the highlights of the second annual
convention of the American Student
Union, hold in Chicago during the
vacation at which Ada Martin, Roble
sponsor, represented the Stanford
chapter.
The convention, including repre
sentatives from over 400 college and
high schools, passed resolutions
censoring teachers' oath bills, sympa
thizing with the Spanish government,
and favoring student co-operatives.
Founded a year ago as a united
front coalition of liberal, progressive,
and radical students believing in
peace, academic freedom, racial
equality, and economic security for
students through federal and state
aid, the A.S.U. now numbers 25,000
members with 74 chapters in 22
states.
