# Army Flier Injured As Bomber Crashes
## 
### 
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
MARCH FIELD, RIVERSIDE, Jan.
5 (UP).—An army flier, Lieut. David
G. Pressnell, was seriously hurt to
night when a big Martin bomber
crashed and burned three miles south
of the landing field here. ,
Pressnell was flying alone on a
routine flight when the plane appar
ently went out of control. He was
thrown clear of the ship, which ex
ploded and burned.
