# EARL CLARK SIGNED
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 5 (U.R).—Earl
(Dutch) Clark, all-time All-Ameri
can professional quarterback, today
was signed to coach the Detroit
Lions for the 1937 season, replacing
Potsy Clark, who yesterday accepted
a position with the Brooklyn Dodg
ers.
