# Professor Espinosa "Hispania" Editor
## 
### 
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
Professor Aurelio M. Espinosa of
the Department of Romanic Languges,
has been made editor of the new inter
national Spanish magazine, Hispania,
the organ of the American Association
of Teachers of Spanish, which was or
ganized last April in New York City.
Clifford G. Allen, associate professor
of Romanic Languages at Stanford, is
a member of the executive council of
this association.
The purpose of the magazine is to
stimulate an interest in Spanish and
to aid with the instruction of the
language. It will be issued quarterly
and will contain articles in both Eng
lish and Spanish. It is to be published
by the Stanford Press, and the first
issue will be off the press late in No
vember.
The organization has at the present
time a membership of 700. including
people from the United States. Spain,
and the South American countries. .
