# Y.M.C.A. RELIEF WORK ORGANIZED
## 
### 
Organization for Stanford's share of
work in the big national $35,00,000
campaign for war relief from Novem
ber 11 to November 19, is well under
way, according to announcement from
the local Young Men's and Yonug
Women's Christian Associations, to
day. The executive committee, com
posed of officers of the two organiza
tions, and the faculty committee, with
Professor R. E. Swain of the Chem
istry department as chairman, is al
ready at work. Dean C. A. Huston of
the Law School will be the treasurer
of the local campaign.
That the work of the Y. M. C. A. and
the Y. W. C. A. in the armies of the
United States and the Allies, and
among the six millions of suffering
war prisoners of Europe, is invalu
able, is unquestionable. It is esti
mated by military authorities that a
revitalization of the Russian army
will save a million lives on the west
ern front. The "Y" is the only agency
through which such a revitalization
can be accomplished. Major-General
Hugh L. Scott, who was a member of
President Wilson's Commission to
