# LAND ANNEXATION
## P.A. Council Plans Hearing 
### 
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
The Palo Alto City Council will
consider the land annexation re
quested by Stanford at a public
hearing tonight at 7:30 in the coun
cil chambers of the City Hall at
Newell and Embarcadero. Stan
lord's Business Manager Alt' E.
Brandin will be on hand to answer
questions of Palo Altans.
The request for annexation was
first made this fall to the City Coun
cil, which referred it to the City
Planning Commission. The Commis
sion approved it Oct. 28, and re
ferred it back to the City Council.
The request will be given its first
reading in tonight's open meeting.
Final action is not scheduled until
Nov. 23.
Zoning oi the land will be consid
ered along with the annexation.
Professional, administrative, and
multi-family housing zoning is be
ing asked for the 274 acres along
San Francisquito Creek, including
83 acres for which commercial zon
ing is asked.
