# CHURCH OPEN EVENINGS
## 
### 
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
Memorial Church Committee an
nounced that Memorial Church will
be open at night this week, from 8
to 10 oil Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday. Candlelight Servicc will
be held at 9 p.m. Wednesday, and
the Church will be open at 7:30 on
that night.
