# Campus Health Officer Named
## 
### 
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
Louis Olsen, who in 40 years'
service developed Palo Alto's Pub
lic Health Department into one of
the nation's leaders, is the new
health officer at Stanford Univer
sity.
A lecturer in public health at
Stanford since 1925, Olsen succeeds
the acting officer, Dr. Rodney R.
Beard, professor of preventive med
icine and public health at Stanford
School of Medicine and head of the
Stanford Public Health Committee.
Olsen was Palo Alto health officer
from 1917 until the department was
incorporated with the county de
partment in 1952. During his ten
ure Palo Alto won more national
recognition for its achievements in
the field than any other city of com
parable size.
Olsen is both a registered sanita
rian and a registered professional
engineer in California. He received
the Engineer degree from Stanford
in 1915, following his Stanford A.B.
in 1914.
The Stanford health officer, who is
employed on a half-time basis, is
concerned with control of commu
nicable diseases, food sanitation,
milk, water, housing, general sani
tation, and information. The health
office conducts an educational pro
gram to inform students and campus
personnel on effective health meas
ures.
Besides Dr. Beard, members of the
Stanford Public Health Committee
are: Alf E. Brandin, Professor Oli
ver E. Byrd, Professor Charles E.
Clifton, Miss Anastasia Doyle, Pro
fessor George H. Houck, Mrs. Lois
P. Todd, and Dean H. Donald Win
bigler.
