# Slides of Alaska To Be Presented
## 
### 
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
Scenes from the Arctic wilderness
of northland Alaska will be brought
with colored slides to Stanford's
Memorial Flail tomorrow night at
7:30 l>y George L. Collins and Low
ell Sumner of the National Park
Service for the Tuesday Evening
Series.
Collins, chief of the State and
Territorial Co-operation activity of
the Service, will speak informally
on "Arctic Wilderness Values."
Many of the scenes will show the
area explored this past summer by
the conservationists, who have made
many trips to the region, They sur
veyed territory in northeastern
Alaska, near the Ajctic Ocean, in
the Brooks Range where mountains
tower from 3,000 to 9.000 feet high.
Collins will discuss the character
and value of the Arctic Alaskan re
gion and the social and economic
importance of wild land conserva-»
tion. I
