# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
Miss Nina \Toise, '12, is a visitor on
the campus. She leaves Thursday to
take up her duties as teacher in the
Cumnork School of Expression, in Los-
Angeles.
