# Football Tickets Sell Next Week
## 
### 
Student football tickets go on
sale beginning at 8:30 a.m. next
Wednesday at the ticket booths in
the Pavilion. Ticket sales wiil
continue Thursday and Friday
from 8:30 a.m. until 1 p.m.
Student rooter tickets can be se
cured on these dates only.
No student tickets will be sold
at the stadium. Tickets will be
available for the following home
games: Michigan State, Sept. 29,
$1; San Jose State, Oct. 13, no
charge, but tickets must be se
cured in advance; Southern Cali
fornia, Oct. 27, $1.75; Oregon
State, Nov. 10; and University of
Washington, Nov. 17, no charge
but secure tickets in advance.
UCLA plays Stanford at Los
Angeles, Nov. 3, $1.75. Big Game
tickets are on sale for $2. This
year's Big Game will be held at
the University of California at
Berkeley.
