# Golfers Surprise Coach, Win Twice
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
Stanford's varsity golfers won
their first two matches convinc
ingly last weekend, and no one
was more suprised than Bu d
Finger, Indian coach.
"I really didn't think we'd have
a particularly good team this
year," he commented, "but after
some of our scores this weekend,
Stanford could be a real conten
der this season."
Friday the varsity downed
Santa Clara, 21-6, and Saturday
they bested Peninsula Golf and
Country Club, 22-5. The Freshmen
edged out Merritt JC, 15-12, but
lost to Menlo JC. 16 1 u-10 1 .
Sophomore Greg Picard fired
rounds of 70 and 74 on Ihe par 71
Stanford course. Senior Bob Ire
land 73 and 70. Against Santa
Clara, senior Jim Rheim shot a
71, marking a remarkable re
covery from a broken shoulder
suffered last summer. John Bou
chier had rounds of 75 and 77.
