# DOCTORATE STUDIES
## 
### 
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
Proportionate to the total stu
dents enrolled, Stanford produces
one-third again as many doctor
ates as registered at the Univer
sity of California, Berkeley.
