# CHANGE IN REQUIREMENTS MADE AT PRINCETON
## 
### 
PRINCETON â€”The most important
change in the curriculum of Princeton
University since the introduction of
the preceptorial system was voted at
the annual spring session of the board
of trustees. In the proposed changes
the' board, on the recommendation of
the faculty, approved a plan whereby
emphasis will be laid on the import
ance of concentration in the field of
study and in the development of the
principle of self education by the stu
dents themselves. To accomplish this
result, it is proposed that instead of
five courses required of each under
graduate every term, four courses only
will be required and the student will

be required to do work in the field of
major study. A comprehensive exam
ination at the end of the junior year
will be held. It will also be necessary
for students to pass their comprehen
sive examinations in both junior and
senior years in their major field with
a grade substantially higher than a
mere passing mark heretofore required
for credit in a course.
