# TENEMENT COLLAPSE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2. (Associated
Press)—The old brick walls of a
Greenwich Village tenement col
lapsed today, burying the twelve
occupants and killing five of them
in their sleep.
