# Untitled Article
## 
### 
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
If a man washes his hands in
clear warm water ia removes some
1,600,000 serins. i
