# COMMUNIST PARADE STOPPED BY POLICE
## 
### 
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
CLEVELAND. Oct. 2 (/P;. —Police
leading a section of a parade or
ganized by Communists here tonight
laid a smoke screen from their mo
torcyc'es, and then milled with the
demonstrators when the parat'ers
attempted to break away from the
escort and head for Public Audi
torium where President Hoover was
addressing lhe American Bankers'
Association convention.
