# Chosen by G.O.P.
## 
### 

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.

C. M. Bolts, Albuquerque attor
ney, nominated for governor of New
Mexico by the Republicans.
