# THIRTY-FIVE SENIORS ENTER MED SCHOOL
## 
### 
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
Lists of Stanford seniors who were
admitted to the Stanford Medical
school as first year students, show
a total of thirty-five out of fifty ac
cepted. The remaining fifteen were
admitted from other schools.
Those who have entered from
Stanford are : Marden Black, Alonzo
Cass, Clifford Cherry, Ambrose
Churchill, Austin Clarke, Reynard
Col burn, Clyde Conger, Richard
Cutter, Cecil Cutting, Thomas Diaz,
Jean Feldheym, William Gardenier,
Raymond Gillett, Emmett Hender
on, Arthur Hunnicutt, Tokio Ishi
kawa.
Martha Mannon, Arnold Manor,
Ambrose Merrill, George Miller,
Miriam Miller, Richard Moore, Wil
liam Okker, John Redden, Donald
Pratt, Eugene Puthoff, Robert Rit
ter, Eleanor Rogerson, Howard Ro
mig.
Benno Saber, Irving Schwartz,
Kathryn reach, Juliet Thorner,
Robert VV atkins, and Edward Wil
son.
