# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
The use of lightning rods was
originated by Benjamin Franklin
