# Editor's Note:
## 
### 
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
The four stories from Lisbon on
this page are reports of four of
United Press' European stall" who
were interned in German and Ital
ian camps when America went to
war with the Axis, and who have
reached Lisbon in an exchange for
! Axis internees from America.
