# Grocery Store Riot Involves 3 Sailors
## 
### 
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
SEATTLE, May 17 (UP). —Navy
authorities tonight were investigating
a riot in a Seattle grocery store last
night in which five persons, includ
ing three Negro sailors, were in
jured.
