# CATHOLIC STUDENTS PLAN TO HEAR MANY SPEAKERS
## 
### 
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
Plans for work this semester were
made last, evening at the first execu
tive committee meeting of the Juni
pero Serra club held at the Lang
worthy club. President W. S. Burns,
'14, appointed Miss Elsie Olcese as
junior representative, Miss Irene
Cuneo, '14, as recording secretary to
succeed Miss Mary Volkmor, gr., and
will name a social committee in the
next few days. Speakers to address
the club will be secured from time to
time during the semester. The next
meeting will be held Tuesday evening,
January 27, at the chapel at 7:30
oclocli.
