# Adv. 26 Page 4
## 
### 
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
THEY TELL US
the Kingston Trio is
opening in S.F. next
week. And some
people gotta study . . .
PALO ALTO
i
Melody Lane
420 University
