# Junior Wranglers Elect Constitutional Committee
## 
### 
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
A committee of three to draw up a
constitution for freshmen Wranglers
was selected last night. Members of
the committee are: Alice Enderud,
chairman; Ruth Levi and Laura Gardi
ner.
A review of the play, "Anna Chris
tie," was given by Alfrida Poco.
Freshmen Wranglers is a group
sponsored by \ the senior Wranglers
and holds meetings open to all fresh
men women every Thursday night.
