# Cap and Gown Gives Dance In Clubhouse January 26
## 
### 
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
Plans for a dance to be given by Cap
and Gown January 26 in the Women's
Clubhouse were completed at the
meeting* held yesterday afternoon at
the home of Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The receipts are to be added to the
Women's Loan Fund, which was es
tablished for the purpose of aiding
women to continue their University
work.
Ice cream and chocolate T .ut sun
daes will be sold.

In the Pure Oil Company s refinery
near Beaumont, Texas, bit T gun-bar
rels, cast for service in tl e World
War, have been converted ii to high
pressure oil stills.
