# Wagner Featured On Symphony Bill
## 
### 
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
Beethoven and Wagner will .share
the bill at tonight's San Francisco
Symphony performance at 8:15 in
the War Memorial Opera House.
Program for the concert will in
clude: "Symphony No. 5 in C Mi
nor,"* Beethoven; Overture to "Par
sifal," Wagner; Prelude to Act I,
Love Duet, and Isolde's Love Death
from "Tristan and Isolde," by Win
ner; and Overture to "Rienzi," also
by Wagner.
Part of the regular student series,
the Thursday concerts are spon
sored by the San Francisco Sym
phony Forum. No tickets are avail
able at Stanford for the perform
ance.
