# Songs and Yells Break Up Play.
## 
### 
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
Stanford partisans filled the Ye
Liberty Theatre to overflowing Satur
day evening and during the first and
fourth acts converted "The Admirable
Crichton" into a celebration of Stan
ford's victory.
The fun at the play was temporarily
quenched by Landers Stevens, the
leading man, who refused to take the
"joshing" of the show in the spirit in
which it was intended, and who in
sisted that the students should stop
their songs and yells. This, and the
admonitions of the yell leaders,
quieted the house until about the mid
dle of the last act when a series of
Cardinal yells from the balcony re
sulted in the end of the play.
