# Campus Exhibits
## 
### 
Bechtel International Center Metal
sculpture by Hans Wehrli. Through
July 24.
Tresidder Union Woven tapestries
by Nona Baker; American Indian
art from the collection of Connie
Carlson. Second floor gallery,
through July.
Coffee House Gallery Paintings by
Anne Mizner. Through July.
Stanford Art Museum Kristina
Branch: paintings and pastels,
through August 8.
Bechtel International Center Metal
sculpture by Hans Wehrli. Through
July 24.
Tresidder Union Woven tapestries
by Nona Baker; American Indian
art from the collection of Connie
Carlson. Second floor gallery,
through July.
Coffee House Gallery Paintings by
Anne Mizner. Through July.
Stanford Art Museum Kristina
Branch: paintings and pastels,
through August 8.
Bechtel International Center Metal
sculpture by Hans Wehrli. Through
July 24.
Tresidder Union Woven tapestries
by Nona Baker; American Indian
art from the collection of Connie
Carlson. Second floor gallery,
through July.
Coffee House Gallery Paintings by
Anne Mizner. Through July.
Stanford Art Museum Kristina
Branch: paintings and pastels,
through August 8.
Bechtel International Center Metal
sculpture by Hans Wehrli. Through
July 24.
Tresidder Union Woven tapestries
by Nona Baker; American Indian
art from the collection of Connie
Carlson. Second floor gallery,
through July.
Coffee House Gallery Paintings by
Anne Mizner. Through July.
Stanford Art Museum Kristina
Branch: paintings and pastels,
through August 8.
Bechtel International Center Metal
sculpture by Hans Wehrli. Through
July 24.
Tresidder Union Woven tapestries
by Nona Baker; American Indian
art from the collection of Connie
Carlson. Second floor gallery,
through July.
Coffee House Gallery Paintings by
Anne Mizner. Through July.
Stanford Art Museum Kristina
Branch: paintings and pastels,
through August 8.
Bechtel International Center Metal
sculpture by Hans Wehrli. Through
July 24.
Tresidder Union Woven tapestries
by Nona Baker; American Indian
art from the collection of Connie
Carlson. Second floor gallery,
through July.
Coffee House Gallery Paintings by
Anne Mizner. Through July.
Stanford Art Museum Kristina
Branch: paintings and pastels,
through August 8.
Bechtel International Center Metal
sculpture by Hans Wehrli. Through
July 24.
Tresidder Union Woven tapestries
by Nona Baker; American Indian
art from the collection of Connie
Carlson. Second floor gallery,
through July.
Coffee House Gallery Paintings by
Anne Mizner. Through July.
Stanford Art Museum Kristina
Branch: paintings and pastels,
through August 8.
