# IN MEMORIAM
## 
### 
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
It is with sincere regret that the Daily
Palo Alto chronicles today the news of
the death of Kenneth Russel, the first
fatality from the local epidemic of Span
ish influenza.
Mr. Russel's death comes'as a great
shock to the friends has has made in the
University during his short stay here.
He was a freshman student in the S. A.
T. C, where he was forming friendships
before he was taken ill.
