# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
Miss Eubank Returns
From Visit Home
Miss Grace Eubank. '18. who has
been teaching in the William Warren
School for Boys at Menlo Park, is re
turning this week from her home in
Wilmington, where she has been ill
with the influenza. Miss Eubank went
south to be maid of honor at the wed
ding of Miss Helen Ledyard, who was
married October 5 to Lieutenant
Whistler of the balloon school at Ar
cadia.
