# McDOWELL SPEAKS ON 1922 ORGANIZATION
## 
### 
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
Organization among the men of the
Freshman Class was the topic of an
informal discussion before the men of
dormitory I? last night. This is only
one of the new phases of work under
taken hy the new dean, and through
these series of talks with the men he
hopes to create a real Stanford spirit
among the large number of new men
registered here this year. The percent
age of new men is unusually large this
year.
