# NO NEW TRAINING HOUSE.
## Indebtedness of Board of Control Will Not Permit Extra Expenditure This Year. 
### 
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
Stanford will not have a new train
ing house this year. This was official
ly announced this afternoon by Dr.
Angell, who stated further that the
("nances of the Board of Control were
such that this extra expenditure could
not possibly he made. He also said:
"We hope to he in a position to build
the training house next year, but we
cannot promise it."
A fence will be erected in the near
future to fill the gap caused by the
widening of Stanford Field. No more
bleachers will be constructed.
