# Cap and Gown Holds Election.
## 
### 
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
The honorary Senior society of
"Cap and Gown" in a recent
meeting postponed from last
semester, elected the following
new members: Miss Klorette
Hodgdon, 07; Miss Claire Ped
lar.'o7; Miss Kllen Stadtnuller,
07, and Miss Louise Xorvel, 07.
