# Professor Fairclough Returns.
## 
### 
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
Professor H. R. Fairclough, lias re
turned from the East and will meet
his classes to-morrow morning. Dur
ing the summer Prof. Fairclough gave
three courses of lectures at the I ni
versity of Wisconsin and later did
work at Columbia College, New
