# FOOTBALL TICKETS MAKE LEISURELY SEA JOURNEY.
## Reserved Seat Cards, Fifteen Thousand Strong, Prefer Sunset Route to Land Trip. 
### 
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
Seldom have football tickets taken
such an extended tour as have the
fifteen thousand Cardinal and Blue and
Gold admission cards to the Big Game,
which were scheduled to be sold to
rooters yesterday. Not only have they
covered an immense amount of terri
tory. but a month overtime in making
the trip is charged up to them.
The vari-colored slips of cardboard,
many thousands strong, preferred the
Sunset Route of the Southern Pacific
to the trans-continental trains. The
sea trip probably looked the best, with
the "100 Golden Hours at Sea" as a
feature.
That is the reason why Stanford and
California rooters and women students
must wait until next week to secure
places for the Big Game. The fifteen
thousand tickets were ordered from a
big publishing house in Philadelphia
making a specialty of that sort of
work, and the freight was ordered via
the Union Pacific or Santa Fe lines.
The order went astray, however, and
tracers sent after the consignment dis
covered the tickets making a leisurely
journey on one of the Southern Paci
fic's luxurious Atlantic liners.
