# Events
## 
### 
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
Toga Party. Sponsored by Universal
Studios in connection with the movie
"Animal House " Saturday, November 4,
at 9 p.m. Come-Back-Inn, 2516 "B." Dur
ant St., Berkeley.
San Francisco Bay Area American In
dian Arts & Crafts Show & Sale. Bas
ketry, pottery, jewelry, weavings, and
wood carvings by more than 60 Indian
craftsmen. Performances by Drum and
Feather dance group. Saturday,
November 4, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., and Sun
day, November 5. 10 a m to 6 p m.
