# Findlay Addresses Science Association on Gases
## 
### 
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
"The Effect of Colloids on the Solu
bility of Gases" was the subject of a
lecture given by Professor Alexander
Findlay of the Department of Chem
istry last evening at the regular meet
ing of the Science Association at the
Faculty Clubhouse. Professor Findlay
is from the University of Aberdeen,
Scotland.
An open discussion followed the lec
ture.
