# Music Dotes
## 
### 
"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

"Dodson's Hints on Musical Hits"

From an obscure San Francisco taxi
driver to a world-renowned musician.

That is a twelve-word biography of
Paul Whiteman who this week re
turned to San Francisco as the most
interesting—certainly the most-talked
of—musician of the decade.

The Whiteman concerts will be
unique, if nothing else, in that they
represent a new contribution to the
art of music. Whether a lasting contri
bution remains to be seen. We should
consider it a privilege to play any or
all of the Whiteman records for you
including his latest, "Gotta Getta Girl,"
which is out today.

Victor releases for March, now avail
able, are the most varied and attrac
tive in a long time. Particularly no
table are the Red Seals representing
the latest works of Bauer, Chaliapin,
Galli-Curci, Heifetz, Novaes, Schipa,
Scliumann-Heink, and the Philadelphia
Symphony.

