# ROOTERS' SECTION
## 
### 
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
The front box seats and chair
rows in the center below the bal
cony have been reserved for a
concentrated rooting section at
the final Stanford-California bas
ketball game tomorrow night at
the Oakland Auditorium. All root
ers are requested to sit in this
section.
