# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
Lil* Indian Says—
Hey Squ.iw! Co down to Thoits
and get a pair of moccasins
like mine!
White or Brown
Bass Moccasins
$3.50
rVWvW
174 Univerjitv Awe.
|| Good Shoes since 1 893
