# Jedenoff Lauds Missouri Meet
## 
### 
George Jedenoff, president of the
Stanford chapter of Tau Beta Pi,
returned Tuesday from the Univer
sity of Missouri, where he attended
the national convention of the or
ganization.
Highlighting the convention were
the business meetings under the di
rection of C. H. Spencer, formerly
chief engineer of the Interstate
Commerce Commission, and an ad
dress by Dexter S. Kimball. Kim
ball was dean emeritus of engineer
ing at Cornell, past president of
Tau Beta Pi, and a member of the
Engineering Committee for Profes
sional Development.
The conference also included the
initiation of two prominent indus
trial engineers and various social
affairs arranged by the Missouri
students.
