# READY FOR HIS '8 O'CLOCK'
## 
### 

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.

EXCEPT FOR THE GAS MASK hanging' in front of the picture, this
might he a candid shot of a Stanford student. But it's an ingenious
Swiss lad with everything all set for swift action in case of an air raid.
