# Girard, Williamson Turn in Fast Times
## 
### 
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
Marston Girard ran 4:21.8 in the
mile Tuesday and Craig Williamson
toured the quarter-mile in the re
markable early-season time of 50
seconds fiat yesterday on Angell
Field.
Sprinters and distance men will
continue to be clocked in practices
by Coach Bill Ellington, and in a
month the weekly twilight meets
will be held every Monday after
noon.
Total attendance at the San Fran
cisco Fair for the year has been 8,-
907.261.
