# OREGON GETS NEW BACK
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. IS (UP).—The
University of Oregon football team,
already equipped with eight good
backfield men, turned up another
today. Coach Tex Oliver reportedly
was highly pleased with the per
formance of Roy "Tippy" Dyer at
right halfback post, and said Dyer
might start against Gonzaga.
