# Harry Hopkins Scores Business War Profits
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18 (UP).—
Secretary of Commerce Harry L.
Hopkins warned business men to
night that their over-optimism re
garding European war orders has en
dangered the nation's chances for a
sane, stable business improvement.
