# Foreign Students On TV Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
Stanford's foreign students will
telecast The World's a Stage." a
half-houi talent show on TV station
KPTX, channel b, at 9:30 tonight
The show is a project of the llFl's
International Club, composed of
foreign and American students.
Part of it will be taken from the
foreign student talent show given
lieie in Cubberley three weeks ago
Cultures of nine foreign lands will
be represented. Thirty - one stu
dents. dressed in native costumes,
will participate.
