# SIGMA DELTA CMI ELECTIONS
## 
### 
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
At a meeitng of Sigma Delta Chi.
journalistic fraternity, Wednesday
night Pete Grothe was elected pres
ident and Had ley Roff secretary
treasurei.
