# Council Acquits Two Students
## 
### 
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
The Council for Student Control
last night acquitted two students
accused of Honor Code violations.
In the first case a .student was
charged with cheating on a physics
test. Under the particular circum
stances of the case, the combined
Men's an I Women's Councils found
that he was not guilty.
'1 he second ca'e involved a stu
dent wh<) was accused of violating
the Honor Code by giving a false
medical excuse. After hearing the
students testimony the Council
again decided that there was no
violation.
Men's Council elected Ross Pres
ley as their chairman for next year
and announced that Herb Polesky,
Ai Hackel, Jay Inwood. Dunlap
Clark, and Kred Moller will serve
on the summer quarter Council.
Moller will net as chairman.
