# Rebates Paid Monday
## 
### 
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
Beginning next Monday, the Stan
ford Bookstore will make rebate pay
ments from !) to 11 a.m. and 2 to 4
p.m. The disbursement will continue
for two weeks at those same hours.
This year's rebate is 15 per cent.
