# Candidate Shell Here Tomorrow
## 
### 
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
Joseph C. Shell, one of four Re
publican candidates for governor
and the minority leader of the
state assembly, will speak here
Thursday at 4:13 p.m. in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Shell, whose topic is “A Con
servative Platform for Califor
nia,” is being presented by the
Republican Caucus of the Politi
cal Union.
Shell, who has described him
self to be somewhere between
Nixon and Goldwater on the po
litical spectrum, will oppose three
other Republicans in the party
primary in June. They are former
Vice President Nixon, former
Governor Goodwin Knight, and
former lieutenant governor Har
old “Butch” Powers.

Shell’s campus appearance is
part of a campaign tour of north
ern California.
