# I-Center Ball To Build House
## 
### 
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
Stanford’s first International
Ball will be held in San Francisco
Jan. 26. with proceds going to the
financing of a new I-Center to re
place the one which burned out
last quarter.
Music will be provided by Ray
Hackott, with dress black tie op
tional. Tickets are $3.75 a couple
for students, available at the Pa
vilion today.
