# Hilton to Rebut Bircher Claim
## 
### 
Professor Ronald Hilton and
Timothy F. Harding will discuss
Representative John H. Rousse
lot’s recent attack on President
Romulo Betancourt of Venezuela
on FM radio station KPFA this
Friday at 9:30 PM.
Hilton is director of the Stan
ford Institute of Hispanic-Ameri
can and Luso-Brazilian Studies;
Harding is also a member of the
Institute and has just returned
•from a tour of Latin America.
After dealing with Rousselot’s re
marks, the two will discuss Boliv
ian and Venezuelan politics.
Rousselot, a member of the
j John Birch Society and a poten
| tiai senatorial candidate, attacked
I Betancourt as a Communist, quot
j ing some statements that Betan
court had made in the 19305.
