# Pierovich Signs
## 
### 
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
California fullback-linebacker
George Pierovich has signed a
professional football contract
with the San Francisco Forty-
Niners.

Pierovich was touted as a full
back of All-Coast caliber but a
bad knee kept him from perform
ing at full strength.
The Forty-Niners intend to use
him as a linebacker, the position
he played in the Shrine East-West
Game.
