# KLAHOYA HOSTS MOTHERS
## 
### 
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
Klahoya members were hostesses
to their mothers at an informal
luncheon yesterday noon in the
women's clubhouse.
