# MEXICAN 'MAJOR LEAGUE'
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 2 (UP).—
Organization of a Mexican baseball
"major league" including teams from
six cities was announced here to
night. The cities to be represented
arc Vera Cruz, Tampico, Monterrey,
Torreon, Puebla and Mexico City.
