# JAZZ GROUP MEETS
## 
### 
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will
hold its regular meeting tonight in
the Y room of the Women's Club
house. All students and faculty are
cordially invited to attend. The
meeting will start at 8 p.m.
Bernice Bowman was elected pres
ident of the group at last Monday's
meeting and Juanita Smith and
Charlotte Tilton were elected vice
president and secretary-treasurer.
