# Untitled Article
## 
### 
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
During: the week $2.75 will be
collected in every living; group
from the representatives appointed
by Lyle Davis and Willie Davies.
Collections in University units will
be made by Mary Jane Bull's com
mittee.
