# Rebuilding in Hazy Future
## 
### 
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
The Political Science Depart
ment is in the running again
this year to have its building
renovated, hut the situation is
as hazy as a back-room party
caucus.
"If they don't, build a new
telephone exchange, and if they
don't make over Enema." said
Professor James T. Watkins IV,
head of the department, "we
may just get it done. If some
thing doesn't happen soon,
though, we may be hanging
professors' desks from the ceil
ing."
The building was almost re
modeled last summer, "but we
were nosed out by the English
Department," Watkins said. "I
would say the plan is not firm,
no, let's say touch and go," he
continued. So the Political S«i
ence Department may get new
facilities or it may continue
giving students practical expe
rience in close-elbow political
practices."
