# Meeting Tomorrow To Begin Annual Charity Drive
## 
### 
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
The annual winter quarter char
ity drive will get under way to
morrow with a meeting of all so
lieifors in Cubberlcy Auditorium
at 7:13 p.m.
Dean of Students If. Donald
Winhiglcr, ASSIJ President Bob
Freelen and charity chairman
Skip Ronner will describe this
year's charity drive plans to near
ly 400 campus solicitors at the
meeting. The money collected will
be donated to the World Univer
sity Service, the Red Cross and
the Community Chest.
Solicitations in campus resi
dences will begin Monday. Chair
men handling residence collec
tions arc Maryce Brightman for
Women's How, Spike Wilson for
Men's Row, Dick Grillo for all
freshmen, John Harvey for Stern.
Julie Moffat for Florence Moore
Hall. Lagunita Court and Man/a
nita House; and Keith Torney for
the eating clubs and Crothers.
The charity drive will be high
lighted Monday night with a jazz
concert by Dave Brubeck at 8 p.m.
in Memorial Auditorium. Tickets
arc on sale now for $1.50 at Engi
neering Corner.
