# Pictures to Be Shown March 20.
## 
### 
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
Mrs. Stark's wate.r color exhibition
in the old stud'o will continue until
March 20. The collection contains
European* paintings and West Coast
pictures.
