# Student Duel Is Hot News In Australia
## 
### 
| Carried as page one news by Honi
Soit, student publication at Sydney
University, Australia, was the follow
ing story:
With the frost still upon the ground
and a keenness in the air that made
fighting blood mount high, two Mel
bourne students met last week with
unbuttoned foils to decide a point of
honour in the good old chivalrous
manner.
"The one, a Spanish "Baron," Stanis
laus Josef von Ingwersen, reckoned it a
stain upon his honour, only to be
washed away with blood, that Peter
Lalor, grandson of the hero of the
Eureka Stockade, should move his ex
pulsion from the University Conser
vative Club.
"He slapped Mr. Lalor in the face
and challenged him to a duel by the
lakeside. ►
"Clad in cloaks and accompanied by
seconds, the duellists met the umpire
and the surgeon. Their foils were
without buttons; they wore no masks,
and after a ceremonious salute they
began to fight.
"Lalor gained an early advantage and
forced "The Baron" to the brink of the
lake. Then, with a dazzling thrust,
Ingwersen turned the issue of the duel.
Lalor stumbled as the other lunged
and Ingwersen's foil gashed his ear.
The honour of first blood went to "The
Baron." The duel was over and the
contestants retired to drink coffee.
"Subsequently, each of the duellists
was fined £1 by the vice-chancellor,
Dr. R. E. Priestley, who declared that
the duel was dangerous, and that such
"rags" must be discouraged."
