# Hosley Will Play On Hoop Squad
## 
### 
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
Rich Hosley, star rebounding
center (in the 1959 freshman bas
ketball team who was out this
year with a neck injury, was
given a medical oka\ to play next
i year.
Hosley, who stands fi-7, will
provide Howie Dallmar's team
with much needed board strength
and. along with 6-7 John Winsor,
will give the Tribe a formidable
forward wall.
