# Frosh Thinclads Run Here
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
Stanford's freshman track
squad will again face junior col
lege competition as the Papooses
take on Coalinga and Reedley
junior colleges this afternoon at
Angell field. The triangular meet
will begin at four o'clock. ■
Coalinga should provide a good
test for the frosh in several
events, as the school boast some
versatile competitors. The high
light of the afternoon should come
in the pole vault, with Bob Brink
worth of Coalinga showing a sea
son's best of 13'6" and being op
posed by Phil White of Stanford,
who vaulted 13*6 1 " last week.
Brinkworth has also broadjumped
22'5" and ran the 100-yard dash
in 9.7 seconds.
The weight events also promise
to be close, as Don Pederson of
Coalinga has thrown Ihe discus
156' 1 'a", four feet better than
Dave Weill, Stanford's top man.
Pederson will also push Chuck
Buehler in the shot put, having a
mark of 48'2V'. Coalinga has
depth in these events as their
number two man, Gary Hnat, has
a 148'4" discus throw and has
shot putted over 42 feet. Other
Coalinga strong points include
the 220-yard dash and Ihe low hur
dles. No advance information has
been received about the Reedley
tracksters.
The Papooses should excel in
the middle and long distance run
ning events and most of the field
events. Quarter miler Ken Eman
uels and half miler Jim Davis
have posted excellent times, while
John Haynie will rate as favorite
in the high jump. Ted Wright has
been improving very rapidly in
the javelin.


Kl;\ AMAXUKLS
Frosh 440 ace
