# 'Completed' Pool Still Closed
## Problems Beset New Swim Complex 
### CHRIS BAKER 
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
"It's like a child who knows he
has already gotten a bike for
Christmas but must continue to
use his old one until Christmas
Day," said Assistant Athletic
Director Don Tobin.
Stanford's new $2.2 million
swimming complex looks finished,
but the gates remain locked,
forcing the swimming and water
polo teams to hold their workouts

elsewhere.
The complex was scheduled for
opening this September, but
problems in the electrical system
and mechanical problems have
forced several setbacks to the
prediction. A transit strike and
bad weather didn't help the
construction, but these problems
certainly didn't forbid the
University from testing the pool
during the construction period.

The opening has been put back
two weeks at a time four times.
Representatives from the Athletic
Department and the Department
of Planning were meeting weekly
to iron out problems, but those
meetings have stopped.
Electrical Problems
Johny Lerru of the planning
office said, "The Pools haven't
been opened because we're still
checking electrical problems.
We're continuing to make checks
until we're satisfied all the
problems have been taken care
of."
The University has not
accepted the pools from the
contractors, but according to
water polo coach Jim Gaughran,
the University could take
"beneficial occupancy" of the
pools. "It's like $2 million just
sitting there and not drawing
interest," Gaughran said.
The pool has also affected the
swimming program. We've got the
best water polo team we've had in
a long time, and just being out of
that pool has hurt us," Gaughran
said. "I've told our kids every
week that the pool will open for
sure this week, but it just hasn't
happened."
Losing Money
The University also scheduled
wo mens' swim classes in the
Encina complex, causing problems
with space. Gaughran also felt

that the University lost money
when the polo team was forced to
hold the UCLA game at DeAnza
College.
"There has been a punch list
every week which lists the
problems of the pool," said
Associate Director of Athletics
Bob Young. Young noted that
problems with construction aren't
unusual, as there were also
problems with the construction of
the tunnels in the stadium. But he
added, "The athletic department
has nothing to say until the
University accepts it."
But when will the pool open?
"We're expecting to open the
complex in two to three weeks,"
said Tobin.
