# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
m
ioa look fine in u
lIEIDCAP.
<1 Everybody does. It's a fine
cap. It has style and "kick."
There never has been a cap
like it. Made of fine English
cup cloths.
SIMPSON luis them
Exclusive Agent
