# Euphronia Holds Successful Meeting.
## 
### 
I
An interesting program was given
yesterday evening at (he second meet
ing of Euphronia Literary Society.
Both the impromptu and the regular
debates were well argued and de
livered. The subject of the impromptu
was, "Resolved. That the University
Yell Leaders Should Tie Chosen by
Student Body Election." L. D. Sum
inerfield, '13, and S. J. Talbot, '10,
supported the affirmative contention,
while F. B. Wood, *10, and B. O. 811-
ven, '11, upheld the negative. The
regular debate, "Resolved. That the
United States Should Insist on the
Absolute Control of the Inter-oceanic
Canal," was argued by J. E. Shelton,
'10, and E. .1, Honkins, '11, aUrmative;
and F. E. Hill. '11. and N. C. Wilson,
'12, negative.
