# Weather
## 
### 
Hard
It wasn't hard for the Cardi
nal baseball team to crush
Nevada 15-3 yesterday.
Sports, page 9

Day's
Developing intelligent robots
is all in a day's work for
Stanford researchers.
Science, page 7

Night
At night, it's especially
important to open doors for
women, says Jeremy Desmon.
Opinions, page 5

Today: A cloud here.
Tomorrow: A cloud
there.


Hard
It wasn't hard for the Cardi
nal baseball team to crush
Nevada 15-3 yesterday.
Sports, page 9

Day's
Developing intelligent robots
is all in a day's work for
Stanford researchers.
Science, page 7

Night
At night, it's especially
important to open doors for
women, says Jeremy Desmon.
Opinions, page 5

Today: A cloud here.
Tomorrow: A cloud
there.


Hard
It wasn't hard for the Cardi
nal baseball team to crush
Nevada 15-3 yesterday.
Sports, page 9

Day's
Developing intelligent robots
is all in a day's work for
Stanford researchers.
Science, page 7

Night
At night, it's especially
important to open doors for
women, says Jeremy Desmon.
Opinions, page 5

Today: A cloud here.
Tomorrow: A cloud
there.


Hard
It wasn't hard for the Cardi
nal baseball team to crush
Nevada 15-3 yesterday.
Sports, page 9

Day's
Developing intelligent robots
is all in a day's work for
Stanford researchers.
Science, page 7

Night
At night, it's especially
important to open doors for
women, says Jeremy Desmon.
Opinions, page 5

Today: A cloud here.
Tomorrow: A cloud
there.


Hard
It wasn't hard for the Cardi
nal baseball team to crush
Nevada 15-3 yesterday.
Sports, page 9

Day's
Developing intelligent robots
is all in a day's work for
Stanford researchers.
Science, page 7

Night
At night, it's especially
important to open doors for
women, says Jeremy Desmon.
Opinions, page 5

Today: A cloud here.
Tomorrow: A cloud
there.


