# greyhound drivers on strike
## 
### 

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.

DEMANDING TIIAT Pacific Greyhound Lines respcct the NLKH as
bargaining agent for 700 members of the autonomous union of the
ISrotlicrhood of Railway Trainmen, members of the union picket the
Los Angeles bus depot. Pickets have also been placed at most small
depots on the line, which has a contract with an AFL union.
