# Craig Named Senate Head
## 
### 
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
The seventh Faculty Senate met
yesterday in an organizational meeting
and elected Gordon Craig as Chairman
of the Senate.
The seventh senate will officially
convene next fall.
In addition to electing Craig as
chairman, senate members also elected
Law Prof. Jack Friedenthal,
Pharmacology Senior Lec Dora
Goldstein, Psychology Prof. Albert
Hastorf and Operations Research Prof
Gerald Lieberman to the senate's
steering comm-ttee.
Academic Secretary' Oonald
Winbigler briefed the new members on
senate rules and procedures and
fielded questions.
Winbigler is retiring at the end of
this year. Chemistry Prof. Eric
Hutchinson will become the new
Academic Secretary.
