# SOCCER TEAM TO MEET OLYMPICS SATURDAY
## 
### 
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
Stanford's soccer team will meet
the Olympics here Saturday afternoon
at 3:30, on the football turf. This is
the hardest game the team has had
so far and they are working hard in
anticipation of a tough battle. The
Olympics are a fast team and have
the adavantage of continuous prac
tice while the club here at Stanford
has had only the last few weeks to
get into shape this year. Harry Ma
loney has all his men in tiptop form
now,and looks forward to Saturday
with anticipation. The local team
has not been scored on in the previ
ous games this season and will not
be Saturday, unless the dope is con
siderably upset.
This game will be the second of the
afternoon, Stanford Rugby Team vs.
Modesto High School being the pre
liminary. Admission to the combined
program will be student, cards, or
fifty cents.
