# JOURNALISTS ELECT OFFICERS FOR YEAR
## 
### 
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
Officers for the year were elected last
night at a meeting of the Stanford
chapter of the American Journalistic
Association. They are: Professor
Everett W. Smith, president; Miss
Florence Hocking '21, vice-president;
W. H. Ormsby '20, secretary-treasurer.
It was decided to collect money by
special assessment rather than bv dues,
and that meetings would be held on
alternate Thursday evenings in Room 3,
Press Building.
