# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BACK (?) TO WORK
,
Nice thing about a holi
day, we get caught up on
work our customers (bless
'em) prevent our doing in
store hours.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
