# BOATHOUSE CLOSING
## 
### 
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
The Lafiunita boathouse will close
Sunday, Juno 10. Any living groups
or eating clubs which plan to re
move their canoes must pay their
hills at the ASSU office before they
can be removed.
The boathouse is not open during
summer quarter.
