# Y.M.C.A. Elects Wednesday
## 
### 
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
(ballots will he cast for the ofllcers
of the Stanford Y. M. C. A. for the
coming year next Wednesday from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m., at the Y. M. C. A. of
fice in the Union. The Nominating
Committee presents the following
names: President, Robert N. Wenzel,
'16; vice-president, Henry A. Frye,
'17; recording secretary, Malcolm E.
Trdford, '17: treasurer, Jean L. Vin
cenz, ']8. Additional nominations may
he made at. the Y. M. C. A. office any
time before Wednesday at 9 a.m.
