# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
SMU SCHOOL I
OF LAW
A representative of the
Southern Methodist
University School of Law,
Dallas, Texas, will be on
campus Wed., Dec. 6 to talk
with interested students
about the school, admission
requirements and financial
assistance. For information
and to make appointments,
see Career Planning
& Placement Center
