# Young Now Heads Sociology Society
## 
### 
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
Professor Kimball Young, who re
ceived his Ph.D. from Stanford Uni
versity in 1921, has been elected
president for 1944-1945 of the Amer
ican Sociological Society. The cur
rent "American Sociological Review"
also announces the election of Dr.
Carl G. Taylor to the First Vice-
Presidency.
Dr. Taylor is with the U.S. De
partment of Agriculture.
Professor Leonard S. Cottrell, of
Cornell University, will be Second
Vice-President: Drs. Robert S. Lynd,
of Columbia University, and Louis
VVirth. of Chicago University, will
join the Executive Committee; and
Drs. Howard Becker, of Wisconsin
University, and Kingsley Davis, of
Princeton, will become Assistant
Editors of "The Review."
