# Parking Violators Given Fines by Men's Council
## 
### 
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
Of the honor code, alcohol, and
gasoline, characterized by President
Wilbur as the main worries of the
Men's Council, the latter was the
principal concern of yesterday's
meeting. Twelve offenders were
sentenced for parking violations at
the council session.
Slightly irritated, Chairman Ernie
Arbuckle said, "Traffic ordinances
must be obeyed. We cannot post the
entire campus with no parking
signs." The chemistry building
driveway and the postoffice were the
scenes of most of the parking of
fenses.
