# ALL NOT ROSY IN THE HOUSE OF TROY
## 
### 
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
U.S.C., for the first time in quite
a spell, find themselves in a state
of disorganization. Thirteen injured
men necessitate shifts hither and
yon. If we remember rightly, the
Trojans were doing a lot of reor
ganizing immediately after the Loy
ola game of last season. And they
really got started by coming here
and walloping the 10 to 7 favorites,
Stanford, by 13-0.
No sir, we wouldn't give a stale
cookie for California's chances
against the Ole' Thundering Herd.
Not after that 0-0 episode. If S.C.
had stormed all over Oregon State
we would bet a few thin dimes on
Ole' Navy Bill's team, but not now.
•—Hamilton
