# More Water
## 
### 
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
Public works administration allots
six million to start work on Impe
rial Valley's all-American irrigation
canal.
New canal will include desilting
works said to save a million yearly,
course will be 130 miles long, work
will employ 9,000 men immediately.
