# Hitler Fires
## 
### 
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
Hitler's first election shots: "In
the long run, the only nations which
can continue to live are those which
are willing to sacrifice lives for
honor." Further reverberations:
"Germany entered the world war
against her will and ended the fight
honorably relying on the promises
of President Wilson. . . . The victor
cannot claim the moral right to for
ever brand the vanquished as the
inferior."
