# 1949 Program To Be Largest One of All Time
## 
### 
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
In keeping with the "bigness" of
tl»is year's Biy Game, tomorrow's
Stanford - California game program
will sport the most expansive layout
in its history.
The program will contain 48 page.:,
and according to Athletic News Di
rector Don Liobendorfer, it will have
more pictorial coverage than any of
its predecessors. All groups or teams
having any bearing on the game will
be pictured.
Included in Liebendorl'er's handy
brochure will be 1(5 pages of pic
tures of the gridders (each player
having an action shot and a studio
photograph), pictures of Marchie
Schwartz and his staff and Pappy
Waldorf and his staff, full-page cuts
of the Stanford and California
bands.
It will also include campus scenes
from both schools, photographs of Dr.
Wallace Sterling and Dr. Robert
Sproul, shots of the yell leaders and
rooting sections, views of Co-cap
tains Al Rau and Jim Castagnoli and
two of California's outstanding play
ers, squad scenes of the Card Frosh
and Braves and the Cal Frosh and
Ramblers.
Scores of past games, linesups for
the varsity and ihe preliminary
Braves and Ramblers encounter are
present 100.
Liebendorfer, working on the as
sumption that too much advertising
cheapens a program, will have fewer
ads in this one than in any other
program of comparable size.
In other regular season games the
ratio is one program to every three
people, but 40,000 have been ordered
for the sell-out 90,000 Big Game
crowd. They will go on sale for 50
cents apiece at game time.
