# Untitled Article
## 
### 

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.

OWEN POWELL, star guard for the Indian Jayvees, will be
counted on to help stop Cal Ramblers' hard-charging backs in
the Big Game preliminary. Brave-Rambler kickoff is slated for
11 a.m.
