# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
Disagreement over the freshman
ruling causcd a break between Cali
fornia and Stanford in 1915.
