# Second Round For Netters
## 
### 
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
The Stanford Tennis Club will
meet this afternoon on the women's
tennis courts for mixed doubles
play. All new members and anyone
interested should attend the meet
ing.
Second - round matches in the
mixed doubles tournament must be
played by toomrrow in order that
the quarter-finals of the tourney can
be played by Thanksgiving. Con
testants who have not turned in
these scores by tomorrow will be
defaulted.
Teams whose scores have not yet
been listed include: Lory Docksta
der (Branner) — Rufus Haytlen vs.
Agnes Keying (Cubberley) — Jim
Belsey; Chris Turner (Cubberley)—
Dean Brinkman vs. Daphne Saun
ders (Ruble) —Karl Berger; Ann
Horney (Lag.) — Jack Ponting vs.
Maurine Bourne (Lag) — Donald
Squire; Jane Steele (Lag) — Dave
Berry vs. Nancy Nobles (Branner)
—Paul Bucksbaum.
Sandra Swett (RoTjle)—Charlie
Hickox vs. Betty Hamlin (Palo
Alto) —Bob Brown; Sydney Morgan
(Lag) — George Brown vs. Edith
Ehrman (Roble) —Roy DifTebach.
Results of all matches must be
posted on the tournament sheets in
the Men's and Women's Gyms.
