# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.

BRAIN TRUST—Here is the quintet of coaches that leads the Indians into Saturday's Big Game
boasting their best record since 1940. From left to right, kneeling, are: Ray Hammett, backfield
coach; Marchie Schwartz, head coach; Mai Elward, end coach. Standing are Phil Bengtson, head
line coach, and Dutch Fehring, assistant line coach.
