# Cider and Doughnuts Sold at Gaieties Show
## 
### 
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
Gaieties-goers can get a bit of
refreshment during intermission
time tonight on the outside ter
races on either the left or right
side of Memorial Auditorium.
AWS is sponsoring the sale of
cider and doughnuts there for 10
cents and 5 cents each respective
ly. The proceeds will make up
part of the AWS Scholarship
awarded at the end of the year.
