# Untitled Article
## 
### 

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.

FRANK BRUNK, a growling Golden Bear, is the California nomi
nation f©r a red hot left halfback. Brunk is not a speedster, but
ha's power and drive. He ran 102 yards against USC for the
longest scamper of the 1949 football season.
