# UW Prexy Won't Ask Oppenheimer
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
SEATTLE, Feb. 16 — Dr. Henry
Schmitz, president of the University
of Washington, today refused to re
consider his decision not to invite
Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer to the
university as a visiting lecturer.
The university's Organizations As

sembly, composed of delegates of
major student organizations, yester
day asked Dr. Schmitz to reconsider
his action.
"My decision not to invite Dr.
Oppenheimer to lecture on the Uni
versity of Washington campus was
reached only after long and careful
study of his governmental relation
ships," Dr. Schmitz said. "Having
reached this decision, I do not plan
to reconsider it. It does not have
any bearing on Dr. Oppenheimer's
capabilities as a physicist nor docs
it involve the question of academic
freedom or his right to express a
viewpoint."
