# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
The Firehouse beat Stern 3, not
Stern 4, in an intramural basketball
tilt last Tuesday.
