# "LAS TAPATIAS" SING TONIGHT
## 
### 

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.

Four sisters from Mexico, Emilia Lindeman Rathbun and Elena, Berta, and
Clotilda Lindeman, who will present a program of Mexican folks songs this
evening in the Stanford Union Court.
