# JOBS AVAILABLE
## 
### 
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
Mrs. Spenner, director of the Ap
pointment Service, announces that sev
eral jobs paying board and room are
available for both men and women at
the present time.
