# Eells Invited To Education Meeting
## 
### 
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
Walter G. Eells, professor of educa
tion at Stanford, and editor of the Jun
ior College Journal, has been invited
by the Joint Commission on the Emer
gency in Education, Washington, D.C.,
to act as one of the consultants to the
Commission and to attend the seventy
first annual convention of the National
Education Association which will be
held July 1-7 in Chicago, where the
school teachers have not been paid for
some months.
Professor Eells is one of four hun
dred and seventy-five prominent edu
cational leaders chosen to help prevent
future crises such as the present one
in Chicago. The consultants will be
platform guests during the convention.
