# REGISTRATION PASSES 550
## 
### 
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
Total registration at the close of the
day yesterday was 552. There will be
additions to this number, although it
is impossible to estimate how much.
