# ALUMNI ARE JOURNALISTS
## 
### 
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
Karl Bickel, president of the United
Press; Bruce Bliven, editor of the New
Republic; Will Irwin, author of interna
tional reputation; and Merle Thorpe,
editor and general manager of The Na
tion's Business, are four nationally
known journalists who attended Stan
ford.
