# Commerce Secretaries Convene Here July 17
## 
### 
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
The conference of the Western School
for Commercial Secretaries will be held
on the Stanford campus July 17 to 22.
One hundred delegates are expected to
attend, representing chambers of com
merce on the Pacific Coast and as far
east as Salt Lake City. The secretaries
will occupy Branner Hall during the
conference.
