# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
ROOM AND BOARD
STUDENTS, professional people
Near campus. Well balanced
meals. Family style. $35. 675 Am
hurst, Phone 4779.
LARGE ROOM with or withoul
sleeping porch. Twin beds or sin
gle. Every convenience. Ph. 7610
ROOM with or without board. Out
side entrance. Furnace heat. Con
tinuous hot water. 525 Charming
P.A. 7776.
Use Daily Want Ads
