# Intramural Parade ...
## 
### 
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
YESTERDAY S RESULTS
Phi (lamina Delta 41, Brainier (i.
Japanese Club 1, /eta Psi 0 (for
feit).
Kappa Alpha I (i. El Toro (t.
Alpha Tan Omega 21, Encina 3E ft.
Oriole A.C. 1. Kappa Sigma ft (for
feit).
Encina 4W 7. Alpha Kappa Lamb
da 0.

NEW YORK. Oct. 27 (UP).—Byron
(Whizzer) White, former Colorado
star, is leading the National Pro
fessional Football League in yards
gained, statistics showed today.
