# OREGON READY FOR S.C.
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 27 (UP).—
Train-weary University of Oregon
gridmen opened practice on home
grounds for their Saturday engage
ment in Portland with the Trojans
of Southern California. The squad
arrived yesterday from the Fordham
game in New York.
