# Varsity Poloists Scrimmage Today
## 
### 
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
The Card varsity horse polo will
play their first intersquad scrim
mage this afternoon at 3 o'clock on
the Highway Field, it was an
nounced by Major Harry B. Allen,
coach. The Reds, top ranking of the
15 separate teams, will take on the
other four teams in the first squad
this afternoon.
As yet no outside matches have
been arranged, but games with local
peninsula teams will be held on Fri
day afternoons in the near future.
The squad plans to journey to Tuc
son during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion to play the University of
Arizona.
