# 'AM I A CHUMP; PHI PSI GASPS
## 
### 

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)

TO WIN $6.25, Rob Brooke hoofed 3(5 miles, from here to San Jose and back, in 9 hours, 58 1 •» minutes.
Above, he is shown at the finish line, where he broke the tape with exactly one and one-half minutes to
go. Stopping but once to tape his feet. Brooke lived on cokes and cigarettes throughout his trek. From a
detached observer's viewpoint, it is too bud that Coach Dink Templeton cannot use a marathon runner.
(Photo by Richard Dudman)
