# Additional Syllabi in Evolution.
## 
### 
The bound syllabi used by the
class in Evolution were prepared
for the course when but two lec
tures per week were delivered. This
year, three lectures each week be
ing given, many will be delivered
for which no syllabi have been
printed. It is now proposed to fur
nish extra syllabi for these lectures
to subscribers for fifty cents a
semester. Visitors can get syllabi
for the individual lectures at live
cents each. The lirst one will be
for Dr. Branner's lecture tomorrow
morning on "The crust of the
earth." Some of the new lectures
were given at the beginning of the
semester, syllabi for which are now
being, prepared and will be dis
tributed later. Subscriptions will
be taken at the Registrar's office
before the lecture.
