# 1917 Jolly-Up Committee Appointed.
## 
### 
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
President F. C. McColloch has ap
pointed the following committee for
the Sophomore jolly-up scheduled for
March 12: Miss Anita Allen, Miss
Maybelle Peck, G. E. Crary, F. F.
Dickie, A. L. Emery, T. E. Swigart,
and B. C. Mattei, chairman.
