# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Since the team has been selected
for the Intercollegiate Debate our
attention will be centered for a
short time upon the contest for the
Carnot medal. The final debate in
the Carnot contest takes place here
on the campus within less than two
weeks The preliminary debate to
select Stanford representatives for
the Carnot will be held in the
chapel next Friday evening. The
Carnot debate has thus far this
year received more attention at
Berkeley than has the Intercolle
giate. We should henceforth give
our contestants all possible encour
agement. There are but two weeks
left to them in which to prepare
for the final effort.
Since the team has been selected
for the Intercollegiate Debate our
attention will be centered for a
short time upon the contest for the
Carnot medal. The final debate in
the Carnot contest takes place here
on the campus within less than two
weeks The preliminary debate to
select Stanford representatives for
the Carnot will be held in the
chapel next Friday evening. The
Carnot debate has thus far this
year received more attention at
Berkeley than has the Intercolle
giate. We should henceforth give
our contestants all possible encour
agement. There are but two weeks
left to them in which to prepare
for the final effort.
Since the team has been selected
for the Intercollegiate Debate our
attention will be centered for a
short time upon the contest for the
Carnot medal. The final debate in
the Carnot contest takes place here
on the campus within less than two
weeks The preliminary debate to
select Stanford representatives for
the Carnot will be held in the
chapel next Friday evening. The
Carnot debate has thus far this
year received more attention at
Berkeley than has the Intercolle
giate. We should henceforth give
our contestants all possible encour
agement. There are but two weeks
left to them in which to prepare
for the final effort.
Since the team has been selected
for the Intercollegiate Debate our
attention will be centered for a
short time upon the contest for the
Carnot medal. The final debate in
the Carnot contest takes place here
on the campus within less than two
weeks The preliminary debate to
select Stanford representatives for
the Carnot will be held in the
chapel next Friday evening. The
Carnot debate has thus far this
year received more attention at
Berkeley than has the Intercolle
giate. We should henceforth give
our contestants all possible encour
agement. There are but two weeks
left to them in which to prepare
for the final effort.
Since the team has been selected
for the Intercollegiate Debate our
attention will be centered for a
short time upon the contest for the
Carnot medal. The final debate in
the Carnot contest takes place here
on the campus within less than two
weeks The preliminary debate to
select Stanford representatives for
the Carnot will be held in the
chapel next Friday evening. The
Carnot debate has thus far this
year received more attention at
Berkeley than has the Intercolle
giate. We should henceforth give
our contestants all possible encour
agement. There are but two weeks
left to them in which to prepare
for the final effort.
