# Adv. 37 Page 11
## 
### 
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
Here's Your Lace-to-Tw
"fnAJII'IOX''
Feel your arch snugged per
fectly for support as you luce
this shoe. Scientific foot last;
shockproof Cushion Arch and
insole; springy crepe on (sole,
llreathahle uppers are cash
able. White. _ _
2.95
WKecls
TfieSfioeofCfmpm
(SMITH'S"
Cht-Th-e. CjJuiiel
