# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
The Stanford football team will
at the Ste. Claire Hotel, Snn
Jose, tonight.
