# Scholarship Loan Offered
## 
### 
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
Economics or Business seniors or
graduate students, who will receive
their degrees during the current
academic year, can apply for a loan
scholarship of $250, which is led by
the American Bankers Association.
Application blanks and additional
information are available at the of
fice of the Committee on Scholarship,
room A-l. Temporary Building A.
