# F.D.R. Moves For Reorganization
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
WASHINGTON, April 24 (UP).—
Authoritative sources predicted to
day that the reorganization order
President Roosevelt is expected to
send Congress tomorrow will call for
drastic realignments of lending, wel
fare and public works agencies.
Informed officials said the execu
tive order, which will be effective
within 60 days unless vetoed by both
House and Senate, will be presented
in four sections.
Informed sources refused to pre
dict how creation of the lending
agency would affect RFC Chairman
Jesse Jones and Secy, of Commerce
Harry L. Hopkins. One official said
he did not believe the President
"would put Jones under Hopkins."
