# Hope Fades For Halliburton Party
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, April 24 (UP).
â€”One man alone clung determined
ly today to hope Richard Hallibur
ton, author - adventurer, and the
crew of his junk the Sea Dragon had
survived a severe storm which swept
the mid-Pacific for 48 hours after
the last radio contact with the ad
venturers a month ago.
That man, Wilfrid Crowcll, Halli
burton's local representative, held
to the belief the junk, attempting a
voyage from China to the United
States, "may be afloat and drifting
in mid-Pacific off the usual course
of travel."
It was a slender hope because sup
plies would have been exhausted
long since and storms have swept
the mid-Pacific several times. Most
maritime authorities believed the
small but sturdy junk had been
swamped and its crew of 15 had per
ished.
