# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
Lost.—A black onyx bracelet, set
with six pearls, cither at Assembly
Hall or going to bus Friday evening,
March 1. Reward if returned to Wil
son's Candy Store.
