# NESTORIA WILL OCCUPY ROOM IN LAW DEPARTMENT
## 
### 
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
Nestoria meetings will be held this
semester in room 12 of the Law De
partment, instead of in the Economics
Department, as heretofore. Professor
Woodward has granted the society
permission for the use of the room
which is very well adapted to the uses
of a debating society, the seats being
speaker's platform.
