# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
It is indeed a desirable thing
to be well descended, but the
glory belongs to our ancestors.
—Plutarch.
