# War Is Paralyzing World's Commerce
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 16 (UP).
—War-torn Europe is paralyzing the
world's trade, a League of Nations
survey disclosed today.
The survey is the league's first
publication since its economic and
financial section fled to Princeton,
N.J., last September from Geneva.
Five American foundations are fin
ancing continuance of the section's
work.
