# Bill Janss to Ski For Championship
## 
### 
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
While some 175 Farm men and
women celebrated Yosemite's "Stan
ford" night last Friday eve, an an
nouncement came that Bill Janss,
former captain of the Stanford Ski
Team, would help carry the colors
of Yosemite Winter Club in the
National Championships to be held
March 8 and 9 on Roch Run, Aspen,
Colorado.
Pertinent to skiing interest on the
Farm, the Clay Theater in San Fran
cisco is currently screening "They
Mot on Skis," rated by some New
York critics as the best snow film
ever made.
Produced by Henri Sokal, whose
movie accomplishments include "Ski
Chase" and "Slalom," the new fea
ture was filmed in the French Alps.
