# College Defense Committees Meet
## 
### 
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
The National Conference of De
fense Committees of Colleges and
Universities recently held a meeting
in Washington. Among other reso
lutions, the educators recommended
that engineering, medical and dental
students be exempt from the draft.
Samuel Morse, dean of the engi
neering school, reports that 119 en
gineering schools are now training
over 58.000 engineers, many of them
graduate students, for national de
fense jobs.
Sponsored by the United States
Office on Education, the training of
engineers for defense industries is
designed to eliminate "bottlenecks."
