# WINGS BEAT MONTREAL
## 
### 
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
DETROIT, Feb. 16 (UP).—The Red
Wings edged out the Montreal Cana
diens 2-1 in a National League
hockey game here tonight.
