# Lagunita Chooses Feb. 22 for Dance
## 
### 
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
The Lagunita winter formal, orig
inally scheduled for Feb. 14, was
transferred to Feb. 22 because of
conflicting dates, according to Beryl
Robison, general chairman for the
affair.
Les Smith's orchestra will furnish
the music from 8:30 to 12 o'clock for
the dance, which will feature a
Washington's birthday theme. The
following girls will head the com
mittees: Mae Lazarus, refreshments;
June Butler, tickets; Bernice May,
arrangements; Rosalie Slater, gen
eral hostessing; Beverly Rank, pa
trons, and Christine Moody, deco
rations.
