# TONIGHT'S INTRAMURALS
## 
### 
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
GYMNASIUM
7:oo—Thela Delt vs. S.A.E. I
8:00—EI Cuadro vs. Sigma Nu II
9:oo—Encina IE vs. Enema liiill
ptn
PAVILION
7:oo—Kappa Alpha 1 vs. Dckc 1
B:oo—Delta Tau Delta vs. Japa
nese Club
o:oo—Delta Upsilon vs. Chem De
partment
