# CUBAN PRESIDENT STOPS REVOLT
## 
### 

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.

AFTER FOILING an assassination plot against him. President Fulgencio Batista of Cuba confers with his
new aides. Left, the new chief of staff. Colonel Manuel Lopez Migoya. Right, Colonel Ignacio Galindez,
the new inspector general.
