# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
ATTENTION ALL
GOOD INIUNS
Hold your next pow-wow
over a platter of fresh
CRACKED CRAB!
or a platter of delicious
FISH N CHIPS
COOK'S SEA FOOD
RESTAURANT
751 El Camino Real
Mertlo Park
Take fish 'n chips to wig
wam for 40c an order with
lots of French fries.
Phone 5812 or 22231
