# Japanese Cabinet Files Resignation
## 
### 
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
TOKYO. Tuesday, Feb. 10 (UP) —
Premier Tetsu Katayama today no
tified Emperor Hirohito lhat his So
cialist-dominated coalition cabinet
had resigned and the Japanese Diet
immediately set its machinery in
motion to find a new prime minis
ter.
Foreign Minister Hitoshi Ashida,
leader of the Democratic party, ap
peared to be the leading contender
for the vacated premiership. For
mer Premier Shigeru Yoshida, head
of the Liberal party, was also con
sidered a possible candidate. The
Liberals and Democrats —both con
servative parties and members of
the present three-party coalition
will probably form the basis of the
new cabinet.
Katayama has announced that his
Social Democratic parly will in the
future act as the opposition, al
though it controls a plurality of the
seats in the Diet.
