# Babes Defeat S.c. Varsity.
## 
### 
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
Stanford's freshmen track team suc
ceeded in overcoming the speedy
squad of Santa Clara on the Cardinal
track vacation week, winning by 1
point the final score being 61V£ to
60%.
