# U.C. Freshmen Victors.
## 
### 
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
University of California freshmen
won the baseball series between the
first-year men of Stanford and Berk
eley last Thursday by taking the sec
ond and deciding game on the nine
and Gold lot. The score was 5 to 4.
