# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
The Regent will follow its usual
annual custom of donating Hats to
the crew.
