# APPLICATIONS FOR TRACK TICKETS CAN BE MADE
## 
### 
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
Oraduate Manager Behrens an
nounces that students may now
make applications for tickets to
the Stanford-California varsity
track meet to he held at Berkeley
on April 21. The applications are
to be made at the graduate man
ager's office.
