# NOT TO CHANGE ATHLETIC DATES
## 
### 
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
No change will be made in the ath
letic schedules of either Stanford or
California on account of the war.
This announcement, came from the
graduate manager's oflice today. The
intercollegiate calendar will be com
pleted by April 21.
