# Fuel Piled Up On Blaze Site
## 
### 
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
In preparation for the annual bon
fire to be held on Thursday night,
preceding the Big Game, telephone
poles, trimmings from campus trees,
and railroad ties are being piled up
on the space marked off near the
B.A.C. for the bonfire site, Bob Hoo
ver, committee chairman, announced
last night.
In order to get the bonfire built,
the committee plans to hold smokers
in Encina, Toyon, and Branner, re
spectively, early in the week preced
ing the game. At these meetings the
committee hopes to organize the
frosh class in regard to free hours
and by means of organized labor
build a bigger and better bonfire,
Hoover stated.
