# Buffet Supper Slated Monday
## International Group Plans Armistice Day Affair 
### 
Although many national youth
movements will hold peace strikes
and meetings in commemoration of
Armistice Day, Stanford will remain
passive and consider the day an oc
casion for foreign students and cam
pus people to become better ac
quainted at an informal buffet sup
per.
Sponsored by the A.S.S.U. Inter
national Committee and financed by
the Ex Committee, the buffet is
scheduled for Monday night, start
ing at 5:45 o'clock in the Women's
Gym where arrangements have been
made to accommodate a large crowd.
Following the supper, open to both
student and faculty, there will be a
short program. Wally Brooke, A.S.
S.U. president, will present the
speaker of the evening. Professor
Harold Henry Fisher, vice-chairman
of directors of the Hoover War Li
brary.
Working on the preparations were
Henry Tani and Won Loy Chan,
program; Wilma Baker, food; Bill
Mingst, location, and Frances Beedy
and Ray Yamamoto, invitations.
