# Old Boy Cornered In Bird Cage: Gives Druel on Chappie
## 
### 
It was difficult to recognize
the Old Boy with a bird cage
around his head, as Chapar
ral's editor was found dueling
with a bookcase yesterday af
ternoon. The bookcase, unfor
tunately, was getting the bet
ter of the tussle, as it was in
slightly better condition.
"Yes," said Copp. "I was
quite a dueler in my day. In
fact, I dealt myself five aces
once, and what's more, nobody
batted an eye."
Questioned concerning "Phin
gernail Phrolic," the mystery
serial beginning in the Big
Game number, Coppie declared
that his favorite character in
the murder tale was Harry, who
disguises himself as a choco
late pudding when the going
gets tough.
