# Tackles? 845 Pounds Worth
## 
### 



Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)




Boh Reynolds (top right), all-American tackle, is the heftiest of this
group of Stanford tackles, touching the scales at a mere 226 pounds.
When Reynolds goes out of the line-up 225 pounds of beef replace him in
the for mof "Pop" Grant (top left). The other tackle position is taken
care of by Dale Beedle (lower left), who hits 198 pounds and one of his
substitutes, Niels Larsen, who tips the poundage list at 196. These men
should see plenty of action tomorrow. (Associated Press Photos of
Reynolds and Beedle.)

