# Jobs Offered For Tap Dancer, Car, Ushers, Salesmen
## 
### 
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
Listed among the jobs avail
able in the student employment
office in the Administration
Building are the following:
A tap dancing instructor; a
barber; three or four women
to work in the college shop of
a San Francisco department
store on Saturdays; a student
with a car to cover a paper
route and get subscriptions for
salary and commission; ushers
and concessions salesmen for
the Big Game; a ten - piece
dance orchestra for Big Game
night.
There are also several room
jobs, board jobs, and room and
board jobs. Studertts may in
quire in Mrs. Irene W. Cover
ley's office for anv of these jobs.
