# Patrons Blast American Art
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 7 (/P).—lt gives
one the "jitters," said Mrs. Frank G.
Logan, society patron of paintings,
today of the current exhibition of
American art here.
She was joined by two other bene
factresses of the Art Institute—site
of the 46th annual show of American
painting and sculpture—in swinging
new verbal daubs at the collection
which already has taken severe lam
bastings from local critics.
"Vulgar" in some respects was an
epithet which even the carefully
neutral lips of Director Robert B.
Harsho of the Institute allowed to
escape. He said, however, the con
troversy has resulted in a decidedly
whetted public interest in the show
for which 1800 paintings were sub
mitted. He indicated it would be
permitted to end at its scheduled
date, December 8.
