# ONLY THING TO DO"
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
It is very true that Mr. Schipa
should not have been interrupted
during his concert by late-comers.
However, under the circumstances it
was the only thing to do. A great
many students had not called for
their ticket reservations at the Con
cert office, and they consequently
had to get them at the box office at
the Pavilion.
At 8:30 (ten minutes after the con
cert should have started) there were
many people standing at the win
dows, and only two girls are possible
in each window. The girls could not
handle the crowd any more readily,
and it was not- fair to' keep those
people waiting until intermission to
get into the concert. The concert
began at 8:30, and people were al
lowed to enter between numbers.
The crowd was not late, the box
offices were not inefficient, and Mr.
Schipa was not perturbed. Can we ;
help unavoidable circumstances?
â€”Naomi Carpenter

In Libya, Gialo, women trail their
black capes , behind them to erase
their footsteps so that the devil shall
not follow and tempt them.
