# Cal, Farm Debate On Labor Problem
## 
### 
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
Speaking in the first ol the many
varsity dual debates with the Uni
versity of California, Huntingtoi;
Kingsbury and Max Gruenberg will
travel to the Berkeley campus next
Wednesday night and meet twc
Californians on the question, "Re
solved, that labor is too militant."
Kingsbury and Gruenberg an
slated to take the affirmative of the
question. For Gruenberg, who is cap
tain of the team and one of the beat
debaters in the present varsity
squad, this debatt marl-* his partici
pation in his last quarter of colle
giate forensics.
