# Studio To Give Rooter Dance
## 
### 
Visiting Stanford rooters will be
â€¢specially wclcome at S.C.'s rally
dance to be held in Warner Broth
ers' Studios tonight, Eames Bishop,
A.S.S.C. president, announced while
he was on the campus yesterday.
Ruby Keeler and other celebrities
will be present at the gala floor show
which will provide entertainment for
the intermission. The affair will be
broadcast over the coast network of
the Columbia Broadcasting System,
and at ,11 p.m. a salute to Stanford
from S:C. will be sent out to the
Pacific Coast.
The dance will be informal. It is
being sponsored by the junior class
at S.C. and will follow the bonfire
rally which traditionally precedes
the Stanford-S.C. game. Admission
will be 75 cents per couple.
