# It's a Long Way Afoot
## 
### 

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)

Ray Mauro, Gonzaga University football trainer, found it was a long,
cold hike back the 76 miles from Pullman to Spokane, Wash.—and he
couldn't accept offers of rides. He promised the Gonzaga players he
would hike home if they beat Washington State. They did 7 to 0 and
here's Mauro at the signpost near Rosalia, still 34 miles from his goal.
(Associated Press Photo.)
