# Bigger is better
## 
### 
1 the Coffee
I \jHouse looks for
ward to a $ 1.1 million ren
ovation and expansion, it
plans to follow student
advice and keep the same
cozy atmosphere.

1 the Coffee
I \jHouse looks for
ward to a $ 1.1 million ren
ovation and expansion, it
plans to follow student
advice and keep the same
cozy atmosphere.

1 the Coffee
I \jHouse looks for
ward to a $ 1.1 million ren
ovation and expansion, it
plans to follow student
advice and keep the same
cozy atmosphere.

1 the Coffee
I \jHouse looks for
ward to a $ 1.1 million ren
ovation and expansion, it
plans to follow student
advice and keep the same
cozy atmosphere.

1 the Coffee
I \jHouse looks for
ward to a $ 1.1 million ren
ovation and expansion, it
plans to follow student
advice and keep the same
cozy atmosphere.

1 the Coffee
I \jHouse looks for
ward to a $ 1.1 million ren
ovation and expansion, it
plans to follow student
advice and keep the same
cozy atmosphere.

1 the Coffee
I \jHouse looks for
ward to a $ 1.1 million ren
ovation and expansion, it
plans to follow student
advice and keep the same
cozy atmosphere.

