# 'Social Service' Vocom Subject
## 
### 
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
'"Social Service," third of the Vo~ |
com meetings, will be held Wednes
day, Feb. 16. in the Women's Club- !
house at 7:15.
Mrs. Hargrove, director of the i
Dibble General Hospital, will speak j
on the Red Cross field. Mrs. Mary !
Kohler, former Juvenile Court Ref- |
eree of San Francisco, will tell of j
social service in delinquency and in j
correction homes. Mrs. June David- j
son, a graduate of Stanford, will j
speak on medical and psychiatric so- i
cial work.
