# AGE LIMIT RAISED
## 
### 
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
The Navy has raised the age limit
for general duty officers from 35 to
38. Men under 38 are now eligible to
apply for general duty commissions
at the Office of Naval Officer Pro
curement in San Francisco, Salt Lake
City, or Denver, according to the
Office of Naval Officer Procurement.
Men now engaged in essential war
work must have a certificate of re
lease from the War Manpower Com
mission.
