# Drawing Department.
## 
### 
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
Those interested in high-school
drawing may see, at the Studio
building, this week, a collection
which has been made, from various
sources, to illustrate the subject at
the State Teachers' Association.
