# Daily Sports
## Indian Wrestle 
### 
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
Wells Shoemaker, Editor


Sophomore wrestling team cap
tain Len Borchers has gone un
defeated in six dual meets so
far this season. The Indian wres
tlers compete in the Far West
ern Championships at SF State
Saturday. Borchers won his divi
sion as a freshman.
