# SNEAKS PREVIEW
## 
### 
Movie Director Elliot Silver
stein ("Cat Ballou") and screen
wright Frank Pierson arrive r;
noon today at Stanford to attend
a sneak preview of their film,
"The Happening," starring An
thony Quinn.
The two film moguls will visit
with Henry Breitrose, director
of Stanford's Film Department,
and with Robert Loper, distil
guished producing director of
the Stanford Repertory Thea
ter, on route to conducting a
seminar for students in the
Stanford film and drama depart
ments.
Tonight, after the sneak pre
view of "The Happening" at tl.
Varsity Theater in Palo Alto,
Silverstein and Pierson will an
swer questions from the auu..-
ence.
