# Punting Contest for Roos Brothers Cup Is Tomorrow
## 
### 
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
Competition for the Roos Brothers
punting trophy will be held at 3:30
o'clock tomorrow afternoon on the
freshman football field. All men in the
University are eligible to compete for
the trophy which is awarded annually.
Herbert Dwight, '24, won the trophy
last year and Nevers held it the year
before. It must be won three times in
succession for permanent possession.
