# JORDAN GIVES TALK
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
Dr. Jordan was one of the principal
speakers at the University of Califor
nia Y. M. C. A. annual Thanksgiving
dinner for foreign students. Three hun
dred and twenty-five students attend
ed the dinner in costumes of their
native countries and were served by
the University of California Mothers
Club.
