# WOMEN MAY SMOKE
## 
### 
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
Permission to smoke has recently been
granted to the women students of the
University of Pennsylvania, at Philadel
phia. However, the university authorities
placc restrictions on the ruling: by limit
ins: the places where smoking is permitted
to the girls' own rooms. Recreation and
reception rooms are still "no smoking ter
ritory."
