# Mayer Cabinet Falls in France
## 
### 
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
PARIS, May 21 (UP) —The gov
ernment of Premier Rene Mayer fell
tonight on a vote of confidence de
spite his last-minute efforts to save
himself by announcing a Big Three
meeting in Bermuda to discus?
talks with the Soviet Union.
Mayer's cabinet fell on the issue
ol French ecoonmy. American and
French sources said it would not
affect the Bermuda meeting since
the next French premier will attend
and "Franco's foreign policy is un
changed." 1
Mayer's cabinet — the 18th since
the war fell when the National As
sembly refused to give him extra
economic powers to combat this na
tion's steady slide toward economic
ruin. The official vote was IJ2B
against 214. The vote of no confi
dence meant Mayer had to resign
automatically.
