# UNION UNITS ELECT
## 
### 
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
Alice Fulmcr was recently elected
president of Union Units. Other new
ofl'icers are Joyce Martin, vice-pres
ident; Joyce Gillette, Committee of
Eiylit; Carol Hcrshler, treasurer.
