# ‘UP ’N’ ATOM
## Science Feats To Be Shown 
### 
Flying saucers, mysterious float
ing objects, iind the technique of
electrocution will be discussed and
demonstrated at Ram's Head's elec
tronic show, "Up n' Atom," to be
presented by Steve Stevens tomor
row niuht at 7:15 in the Little The
ater. Admission is free-
Machines that literally make one's
hair stand on end and a device
which allows metal rings to float
unaided through the air are includ
ed in the exhibit of scientific phe
nomena.
One of the more unusual feats
performed by Stevens involves an
ordinary light bulb which burns on
electricity from his hand. Current
passes through his body at a rate
100 times faster than that which is
necessary for electrocution.
Stevens and his assistant Kirk
McNulty plan to take the Show to
California county fairs this summer.
