# Students Leaving Farm May Get Final Grades
## 
### 
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
Students not returning to the
University next autumn quarter
inay obtain final grades at the
end of the current quarter by
leaving a stamped, svlf-addressed
envelope at the information desk
in the Registrar's office. Room
j 111-A.
Returning students may receive
their final grade report during au
tumn quarter registration.
