# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is early, but perhaps not too
early, to suggest that all who in
tend to be at the intercollegiate
field-day should make it a point to
stay over to the debate. We have
an excellent team of debaters this
year and they are doing their part,
but let the students look to it that
they have plenty of backers to sup
port them at the time of the eon
test.
It is early, but perhaps not too
early, to suggest that all who in
tend to be at the intercollegiate
field-day should make it a point to
stay over to the debate. We have
an excellent team of debaters this
year and they are doing their part,
but let the students look to it that
they have plenty of backers to sup
port them at the time of the eon
test.
It is early, but perhaps not too
early, to suggest that all who in
tend to be at the intercollegiate
field-day should make it a point to
stay over to the debate. We have
an excellent team of debaters this
year and they are doing their part,
but let the students look to it that
they have plenty of backers to sup
port them at the time of the eon
test.
It is early, but perhaps not too
early, to suggest that all who in
tend to be at the intercollegiate
field-day should make it a point to
stay over to the debate. We have
an excellent team of debaters this
year and they are doing their part,
but let the students look to it that
they have plenty of backers to sup
port them at the time of the eon
test.
