# Bowle Cites Dominance of Nationalism
## Nation-State Modern Myth 
### TOM BOWEN 
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
"Nationalism is the dominant
political myth of the modern
world. It is flaming in the East
and it is smoldering in Africa,"
John Bowie, Professor of History
at the University of Europe,
Bruges, Belgium, told a crowd of
200 at a Tuesday Evening Series
lecture in Dinkelspiel.
He remarked that nationalism
was the result of the romantic
writings of 18th and 19th century
philosophers such as Rousseau,
and that it grew because it pro
vided a necessary psychological
satisfaction to people's rising to
a higher political state.
lIE DECLARED that 1 his na
tionalism is a "paradox" that re
sults from an attempt, to recon
cile I lie scientific advancements of
the 20th century with our 19th
century political ideas. The goal
of "academic people" should he to
enhance the power of these "ad
vancements for the preservation
of life" rather than for tho "ser
vice of death."
Bowie's argument, against the
nation-state, which he regards as
a myth of the past, was re-en
forced by a tracing of its history
from a uniquely European institu
tion to a larger, more regionally
oriented development in nations
such as China, India, and Persia.
HE CITED the prominence of
nationalist tendencies even in the
modern world which lias tended
toward some higher form of or
ganization through the League of
Nations and the United Nations
with the example of Stalin's pro
motion of czarist desires for East
ern Europe and Central Asia.
"There is no evidence for the
nationalistic policies which grew
into superpatriotism policies of
superior races which were ac
cented by Bismark and the writ
ings of Kipling during the 19th
century," Bowie added to his re
marks concerning the effects of
nationalism taken to an extreme
which he desires to prevent.
