# Russians Clear Read to Cracow.
## 
### 
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
Petrograd, Sept. 24.—Russian
guns have been brought up from Lsm
berg, and arc being used in reducing
the five main forts at Przemysl. The
Slavs have occupied the main part of
the railway to Cracow, their present
objective, and now hold Chyrow Junc
tion, twenty-five miles west of
Przemysl. It is announced that they
have crumpled the entire liue of Aus
trians and Germans before Cracow.
