# German General Killed.
## 
### 
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
Berlin, (via The Hague), Sept. 24.—
It is stated that Lieutenant-General
von Steinmetz met bis death yesterday
on the firing line when a piece of
shrapnel severed his jugular vein.
