# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
California Seniors won the inter
clnas Uiisby finals from 1017, 4-3.
