# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
TOMBOY
White Sharkskin
Shorts Set
Double reinforced uplift
halter
Adjustable straps — full
all-around pleated snort?
Reinforced nonCrushabie
waistband
Sizes 1 0 to 20
shorts 3.95
halter 1.50
355 University
Palo Alto 4114
