# 'Oliver Twist' to Show At Tuesday Series Tonight
## 
### 
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
"Oliver Twist," will be shown on
the Tuesday Evening Series tonight
at 8 in the Memorial Auditorium.
This program is being substituted
for the lecture, "American Prob
lems in the Pacific," which was to
have been given by Dr. Claude
Buss but which has now been
cancelled.
The motion picture, "Oliver
Twist," follows very closely the
Charles Dickens classic of the 19th
century and was widely acclaimed
for its true interpretation of the
Dickens novel and for its artistic
merit when it was produced in 1933.
London Locale
Written as a protest against the
poor living and working conditions
fostered by the Industrial Revolu
tion in England, "Oliver Twist" is
the story of a small boy who suffers
hardships in a workhouse in Lon
don.
Although dealing with an English
subject and with the locale in Lon
don, the movie is a Hollywood pro
duction.
Dickie Moore in Lead
Dickie Moore plays the part o?
young Oliver Twist; the role of
Fagan is taken by Irving Pischet,
and Bill Sykes is played by William
Boyd.
The public is invited. No admis
sion is charged.
