# Untitled Article
## 
### 
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
I'liitiiriiin Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. The subject of the
sermon next Sunday at 11 a.m., will
be "The Democracy of God."
