# PI LAMBDA THETA
## 
### 
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
Pi Lambda Thcta sponsored a "choc
olate chat" Monday evening, July 20,
in the Stanford Women's Clubhouse at
8 o'clock.
Not far from Braemar in Scotland is
the Cairn of Remembrance, a heap of
stones where the Clan Farquharson
once gathered in time of war. Each
man used to bring a stone to lay on
the heap.
