# Ruth Radir To Talk On Dancing
## Tudor Lecture Subject Will Be Illustrated by Slides 
### 
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
"In primitive societies whether in j
forest-clad Engjand, Greece before the i
age of the gods, or in Africa today |
primitive man indulged in all sorts of
ritual to mediate practical control of
his environment. The essence of ritual
is dance," said Mrs. Ruth Radir in a
preface to her Tudor lecture on danc- !
ing to be given in the Women's Club- I
house Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. !
Mrs. Radir will illustrate her talk
with slides and will wear a court cos
tume of the Elizabethan period. At the !
end she will demonstrate steps from ,
the Pavane, Galliard, Allemande and
Rigaudon and her accompanist will
contrast the old tunes with some writ
ten by contemporaries based on the old
forms.
Following the lecture Mrs. Radir will I
lead the audience, gathered in the so
cial hall, in a few English country
dances.
In Mrs. Radir's lecture she will dis- I
cuss such dances as the Sarabande, a !
Saraccnic dance of Moorish origin, the
Courante, and many others. The Cou- 1
rante, originated in Italy. Morris and
Sword dancing will also be included, j
