# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
Student members of the Socialist
Party, and those desirous of joining,
are invited to attend the next meet
ins of Local Palo Alto, Thursday
evening, at eight o'clock, 637 Ramona.
