# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
Concrete work on the walls of the
Stanford Union building was finished
this week. Work on the roof is now
in progress.
