# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
Men's Rest Home —-Charles Denny,
John Weidlor, Robert Sibert, Ron
ald Phcnix, William Kennedy, Rich
ard Wallace. Richard Norbcrg, De
rek Shausten.
Women's Krsl Home Marilyn Ra
binovich, Sally Dlius, Audrey Bo
janower, Shirley Hardman, Marilyn
Griffin.
Palo Alto Hospital — James Dar
rah, Carl Overby.
