# Italians Turn 'Titoist'
## 
### 
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
ROME, Feb. 15—Two Communist
deputies who tore up their party
cards in defiance of "blind obe
dience" to Moscow issued a "mani
festo" tonight that was expected to
lead to a new "National Communist
party" in Italy.
The 48-page manifesto by Valdo
Magnani and Aldo Cucchi told why
they "chose freedom" from the Mos
cow party line. The crux of the
document was that the Communists,
while preaching peace, actually be
lieved in a bloody war to achieve
their dreams of revolution.
