# SIGMA XI ELECTS MEMBERS.
## Science Students of Unusual Ability Are Selected by Honor Society. 
### 
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
The Stanford chapter of Sigma
Xi, the science honor society, held
its annual meeting last evening in
the Faculty club-house for the pur
pose of choosing new members and
electing officers. Those elected to
membership are: Miss Mary R.
Cravens, '04, assistant in Zoology;
J. S. Burcham, '02, graduate stu
dent in Zoology; A. C. Herre, grad
uate student in Botany; G. A. Cole
man, '03, graduate student in
Botany; R. H. Sherry, '04, graduate
student in Chemistry; N. PL'. Dote,
'04, graduate student in Chemistry;
H. J). Gibbs, graduate student in
Chemistry; W. E. Burke, '05, grad
uate student in Chemistry; Miss N.
M. Stevens, '99, Physiology; Wil
fred H. Osgood, '99, Zoology; T. C.
Hopkins, '92, Geology; 1). S. Kim
ball, '96, Mechanical Engineering;
C. S. Burns,' 97, Civil Engineering;
R. Donald, '95, Civil Engineering;
W. D. Ifarkins, '00, Chemistry.

The following officers were
elected: President, G. A. Miller;
vice-president, E. C. Franklin;
recording secretary, W. K. Fisher;
treasurer, H. C. Moreno; cor
responding secretary, A. A. Law
son. The president and vice-presi
dent are elected to hold office for
one year and the other officers for
two years.
