# Athletes to Go to Portland.
## 
### 
The Pacific Amateur Athletic
Association has decided to send C.
L. Parsons of the University of
Southern California, Norman Dole
of Stanford University, and Andrew
Glarner of the Vampire Athletic
Association to represent California
at the Lewis and Clark Exposition.
Parsons is a sprinter, running the
100- and 220-yard dashes. Dole
holds the world's record in the
pole-vault, and has done 6 feet in
the high jump. Glarner is a fast
mile man. If sufficient funds can
be raised, Snedigar, California's
crack sprinter and broad-jumper;
Plaw, the old California weight
man, and Hall of the Academic
Athletic League, who holds the
league record in the high jump,
will also be sent.
