# Gilbert and Sullivan plays weren't meant to offend or demean
## 
### 
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
In a letter to The Daily on Nov. 12,
Irene Chang and Selena Dong worry
about the Savoyard's presentation of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado."
They fear that "the performance perpet
uates demeaning stereotypes about
Asian-Americans."
Is it really that bad? Isn't there a dis
tinction between light-hearted parody
and caustic criticism? What about other
Gilbert and Sullivan operettas? Should
we discourage attending "Patience"
because it lampoons poets and other aes
thetes? Or "H.M.S. Pinfore," because it
pokes outrageous fun at naval officers
and seamen? Or "Lolanthe" because it

ridicules members of Parliament merci
lessly?
Or, especially, "Princess Ida" on
account of its strong swipe at scholarly
feminists?
Gilbert's humor is fun-loving and
ridiculous. It is not vicious and degrad
ing. Why feel so offended by it? Could it
be that offense, like beauty, resides in
the eye and ear of the beholder?
Alan Waterman
Emeritus Professor of electrical engi
neering
