# Usual Thursday Vespers.
## 
### 
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
There will be the usual vesper serv
ice Thursday evening, in the Chapel,
at 7:15. Reverend George W. White,
pastor of the Wesley Methodist
Church of San Francisco, will speak.
