# Adv. 17 Page 6
## 
### 
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of eyes you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford '35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
Be a Blood
Brother
To a
Fighting Man
BLOOD BANK
DAY
February 16
Donor blanks at the War
Board office.
Palo Alto Drug Co.
