# Adv. 29 Page 8
## 
### 
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
TAKE OUT AN
HOUR TO SAVE
A LIFE
Blood
Bank
Day
Feb. 16
Obtain application blanks
at the War Board ofticc.
Camera Shop
