# Buchanan Chooses 'Levi Leap' for Dance Theme
## 
### 
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
''Levi Leap" is the theme of Bu
chanan Hall's barn dance this Satur
day night, dance chairman Sam
Crowley announced. The doors will
open at 9 p.m. with record music
featured until 1 a.m. and refresh
ments also.
Working with Crowley on the
dance committee are Dick Silber
man, Frank Hoffman, Mike Taylor,
Wayland Auger, and Tom Steege.
