# Koenig To Discuss Early Naturalists
## 
### 
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
Frederick O. Koenig, professor of
chemistry, will speak at the second
American Studies Symposium meet
ing next Thursday. He will discuss
"Alexander Wilson and John James
Audubon—Early American Natural
ists."
A special evening meeting in the
Symposium series will be held Feb.
21. Dr. Edwin A. Cottrell, professor
of political science, and Dr. Lowell
Turrentine, professor of law, will
discuss administrative agencies in
government at this meeting.
