# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.

By United Press
Marching unopposed as yet over the smooth highways that lead to
Manila across the Great Central Luzon Plains these infantrymen have
time to observe the island seenerv.
