# Through these portals, pass the most beautiful and determined broom brigaders' in Hawaii.
## 
### 

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.

IJKOOM BRIGADEJRS —Members of t'iie "Broom Brigade" start on their
morning march picketing ILWU headquarters on Pier 11 in Honolulu.
Sign above door was put up by firm which allows Broom Brigade to
use its premises for headquarters. The waterfront strike, which is
slowly paralyzing Hawaiian business, is in its third month.
