# Hollywood Producer Will Tell Story of Film Making Monday
## 
### 
Charles Palmer, Hollywood film
executive, producer, and writer,
will tell an unusual behind-the
scenes story of movie making in a
lecture to be given Monday at 4:15
p.m. in the Little Theater.
The lecture, another in a summer
series of talks by motion picture
experts, is presented by the Uni
versity's speech and drama depart
ment and is open to the public
without charge.
The particular movie which Mr.
Palmer will discuss is "The Strat
ton Story," the filming of which he
followed for four months on an as
signment from the Reader's Digest.
"I plan to follow 'The Stratton

Story' from the time its author
woke up with the initial idea,
through the planning period,
through the actual production,
through the completion process,
through the sneak and press pre
view. and into the shipment of the
finished negative to New York,"
Palmer wrote.
Mr. Pa'rner has worked as an ex
ecutive for Walt Disney Produc
tions, Louis de Rochemont Associ
ates. and Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer.
He wrote the adaptation and screen
play on "Lost Boundaries." recently
released true story of a Negro phy
sician and his family who passed as
whites in New Hampshire.
Mr. Palmer is also the author of
six non - fiction books, including
"The Making of a Movie," which is
his day-to-day story, in book form,
of the filming of "The Stratton
Story." It will be published late
this year subsequent to the run of
the condensation in the Reader's
Digest.
