# NAACP Meets For Second Time
## 
### 
A group of students intending to
form a Stanford chapter of the Na
tional Association for the Advance
ment of Colored People met yester
day for the second time this sum
mer at the home of Dr. Frank Wey
mouth, professor of physiology.
A charter and constitution, sub
mitted late last spring to Excom for
recognition and approval of a Stan
ford chapter of NAAP, has been
tabled until fall. At this time the
newly elected Excom under Hank
Rosin, student body president, are
expected to consider the proposal.
A picnic at Adobe Creek has been
slated by the group for July 31.
The next meeting of NAACP, as
announced by John Summersette,
interim chairman, will be next
Wednesday at 4:15 p.m. at Dr. Wey
mouth's home, 517 Salvatierra.
