# Adv. 25 Page 10
## 
### 
Redefining
higher
education
Come spend part of your evening with repre
sentatives from the country's preeminent lead
ership trainer—the National Outdoor Leader
ship School. Whether you dream of kayaking,
climbing, hiking or skiing, NOLS is the place
to hone your skills, develop your leadership,
and enjoy an adventure with new friends in the
wilderness.
April 18, 8 p.m.
The North Face
217 Alma St.
Palo Alto
Sponsored by NOLS
o*s
Redefining
higher
education
Come spend part of your evening with repre
sentatives from the country's preeminent lead
ership trainer—the National Outdoor Leader
ship School. Whether you dream of kayaking,
climbing, hiking or skiing, NOLS is the place
to hone your skills, develop your leadership,
and enjoy an adventure with new friends in the
wilderness.
April 18, 8 p.m.
The North Face
217 Alma St.
Palo Alto
Sponsored by NOLS
o*s
Redefining
higher
education
Come spend part of your evening with repre
sentatives from the country's preeminent lead
ership trainer—the National Outdoor Leader
ship School. Whether you dream of kayaking,
climbing, hiking or skiing, NOLS is the place
to hone your skills, develop your leadership,
and enjoy an adventure with new friends in the
wilderness.
April 18, 8 p.m.
The North Face
217 Alma St.
Palo Alto
Sponsored by NOLS
o*s
Redefining
higher
education
Come spend part of your evening with repre
sentatives from the country's preeminent lead
ership trainer—the National Outdoor Leader
ship School. Whether you dream of kayaking,
climbing, hiking or skiing, NOLS is the place
to hone your skills, develop your leadership,
and enjoy an adventure with new friends in the
wilderness.
April 18, 8 p.m.
The North Face
217 Alma St.
Palo Alto
Sponsored by NOLS
o*s
Redefining
higher
education
Come spend part of your evening with repre
sentatives from the country's preeminent lead
ership trainer—the National Outdoor Leader
ship School. Whether you dream of kayaking,
climbing, hiking or skiing, NOLS is the place
to hone your skills, develop your leadership,
and enjoy an adventure with new friends in the
wilderness.
April 18, 8 p.m.
The North Face
217 Alma St.
Palo Alto
Sponsored by NOLS
o*s
