# SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14 (UP)
## 
### 
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
Several main highways in California
remained blocked by snowbanks and
slides today. A slide five miles
north of Ukiah closed the Redwood
Highway, but it was expected to re
open tonight.
