# The 						Stanford Daily Sports
## WALT PETERSON. Sports Editor Armstrong Delivers 13 Knockdowns 
### 

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.

AL CITRINO staggers to his knees as Henry Armstrong, world's
feather-weight champion, waits to give him more punishment in their
match at San Francisco. After scoring l.'J knockdowns, Armstrong
was given a technical knockout verdict at the end of the fourth round.
