# Former Professor Dies in Vienna
## 
### 
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
Professor Robert Franz Arnold of j
the University of Vienna, who !
taught at Stanford as a member of I
the German Department during the
1937 summer session, died recently
at the age of 65.
Noted for his work as a bibliog- i
rapher, Professor Arnold's chief
works include two reference books, !
one of which deals with German
drama and the other with German
literature in general. A specialist
in Goethe, Dr. Arnold was president
of the Wiener Goetheverein and an
active public lecturer, essayist, j
translator, and theater critic.
