# PHI KAP PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Council, '40,
to Phi Kappa Sigma.
