# Mellinkoff, Terry Win Debate
## 
### 
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
Sherman Mellinkoff and Sid Terry
defeated Bob Newell and Milton
Marks, Jr., yesterday in the first
match of the freshman round-robin
tournament to determine Farm rep
resentatives at the Pacific Coast
Freshman and Junior College De
bate Tournament in April. The win
ning team upheld the affirmative of
the question, "Resolved that the Na
tional Labor Relations Board should
be empowered to enforce arbitra
tion of all industrial disputes."
A frosh team comoosed of Frank
Mallory and Dave Cuddy will travel
to St. Mary's this Friday to debate
the negative of the same question,
while Marks and Newell uphold the
affirmative agairust S.F.U. Frosh
here Monday night.
Debate Coach Bob North is now
conducting an inter-squad tourna
ment that will last several months
and place "top" frosh debaters in
the Pacific Coast Tournament April
7, 8, and 9, and the Los Angeles
Junior College Tournament in May.
