# Alpha Meets.
## 
### 
Alpha Literary Society held a
business meeting in room 28 on
(Saturday night. President YVick
ersham appointed an attorney and
several standing committees. It
was decided to discuss at the meet
ing next Saturday night the advis
ability of further colonial expan
sion of the United States.
Alpha Literary Society held a
business meeting in room 28 on
(Saturday night. President YVick
ersham appointed an attorney and
several standing committees. It
was decided to discuss at the meet
ing next Saturday night the advis
ability of further colonial expan
sion of the United States.
Alpha Literary Society held a
business meeting in room 28 on
(Saturday night. President YVick
ersham appointed an attorney and
several standing committees. It
was decided to discuss at the meet
ing next Saturday night the advis
ability of further colonial expan
sion of the United States.
Alpha Literary Society held a
business meeting in room 28 on
(Saturday night. President YVick
ersham appointed an attorney and
several standing committees. It
was decided to discuss at the meet
ing next Saturday night the advis
ability of further colonial expan
sion of the United States.
Alpha Literary Society held a
business meeting in room 28 on
(Saturday night. President YVick
ersham appointed an attorney and
several standing committees. It
was decided to discuss at the meet
ing next Saturday night the advis
ability of further colonial expan
sion of the United States.
