# Quads.
## 
### 
—Miss Bessie Bentley visited her
brother, James A. Bentley, '01, at
the University Friday.
—W. L. Lewis, ex-'OO, who was
compelled to leave the University
last year on account of an injury
received in the gymnasium, is back
again.
—Philip Abbott, '98, formerly
leader of the Glee Club and assist
ant librarian, has been spending
several days at the Sigma Rho Eta
house preparatory to his departure
on the 15th of this month for Co

lumbia Medical College in company
with Kenneth Mackintosh,'9s, who
will return to the Columbia Law
School.
—The following old students
have been on the quad since the
last issue: Jack Sheehan, '95, Billy
Harrelson, '95, C. K. Field, '95,
\V. K. Knowles, '96, J. M. Ross,
'97, G. R. Green leaf, '97, W. H.
Irwin, '98, Geo. Francis, '98, and
Plate, ex-'99.
