# Visiting Professor To Talk on India
## 
### 
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
Professor George Burch, of Tufts
College, will speak on "Philosophy,
Religion, and Action in India To
day" at a meeting of the Stanford
Philological Association today at
4:15 p.m. in the Women's Clubhouse.
The philosopher, recently returned
from India, will discuss how the
modern Hindu still uses traditional
ways to seek relief from life's
troubles.
