# Briefly
## 
### 
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
Photogs get Painter
All Daily photographers (and any
other photographers for that matter)
are cordially invited to the Daily
headquarters this Friday to have wine
and cheese and talk photography
with Chuck Painter, University News
and Pubs' head photog. Bring your
cameras and questions at 2:30 to the
Daily. Whatever you shoot — sports,
news or features — Mr. Painter has
covered it all. So be there. Aloha.
Book 'em Dan-o.
