# Med School Dean Speaks Tomorrow
## 
### 
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
Dr. Loren R. Chandler, Dean of the
School of Medicine, will address the
freshman medical class in the Bac
teriology Auditorium at 4:30 tomor
row afternoon. He will give his ob
servations on British socialized medi
cine, which he studied while on a
trip there earlier this year. The pub
lic is invited. Refreshments will be
served.
