# Interfraternity Council To Elect Annual Delegate
## 
### 
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
Election of a delegate to the Annual
National Convention of the Interfra
ternity Councils to be held in New
York after the Thanksgiving holidays
will be made at the regular business
meeting of the Interfraternity Council
tonight at 9 o'clock in the lobby of
the Old Union.
