# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
President Coolidge has been asked to raise the tariff on onions by
50 per cent. What? American onions not strong - enough to protect
themselves ?
