# School Planners Meet Here Today
## 
### 
The first School-Plant Planning
Conference will he held today and
tomorrow. The confereme is being
riven under the auspices of the
Stanford School of Education and
the School Planning Oflicc, Califor
nia Deparmtent of Education.
P'anning for the conference has
been done by (he education faculty
and graduate students.
This morning, Dr. Sterling and
Dr. Bartky will make the opening
addresses. Dr. James D. MacCon
nell is the morning chairman; Dr.
Paul P. Hanna, afternoon chairman;
and William O. Woodworth, evening
chairman.
Group meetings will be held to
morrow. The chairman will be
Lawrence R. Ramm. Wilfred Clapp
and MacConnell will make the final
speeches.
In conjunction with the confer
ence, the Education Department
will open its Building Planning
Laboratory for the first time.
