# Adv. 19 Page 7
## 
### 
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
MOTHER
will want to hear from
you on Mother's Day-
May Bth — and she
DESERVES
a Hallmark Card that
will say just what you
want to say — exactly
THE
way you want to say it.
So send her a Hallmark
Card that will tell her
you cared enough to
send her the very
BEST
& trente
STHTIONERS
