# Quartararo Recital Tickets Go on Sale
## 
### 
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
Tickets are now on sale for the
recital of Frances Quartararo, young
Metropolitan Opera soprano, to be
presented in Memorial Auditorium
on May 19. as the last concert of the
quarter.
A native of San Francisco, Miss
Quartararo, at 2ti, is singing in he:
fourth season with the Met. She
recently returned from her first en
gagement abroad, where she sang in
the Verona Opera Festival in Italy
Her professional debut was made ir.
19+4 when she appeared as guest
soprano on the Bing Crosby radie
show.
Tickets may be purchased at the
Nitery every afternoon from 1 to 5
Prices are 51.20, §1.80. 52.40. and
$3.00. For reservations, call DA
3-3870.
