# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
Ruth Dimiek, winter '49, and Bob
Leliniann, '-18, were married Sun
day in the Stanford Memorial
Church. The couple will live in
Redwood City following their hon
eymoon.
