# Sterling to Speak At IFC Meeting
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
President Wallace Sterling will be
an honored guest and one of the
principal speakers at a meeting of
fraternity presidents, Interfrater
nify Board of Control, resident as
sistants, and alumni advisers to be
.held at 7:1.5 tonight in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
It will be Sterling's first appear
ance before the interfraternity
group. Also featured on the program
are Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton and Chief Counselor Shol
ton Beatty.
Tlie program is in charge of IFC
president Walt Varellas. Roger Ol
son, IFC secretary, RA chairman Ed
Scoyen, and retiring board presi
dent Ted LeVino will also speak.
