# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
SOFTBALL PLAYOFFS
4:30 p.m.
Field 1 — Village 311 I vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma
Field 2 — Sigma Chi Highballs vs.
Theta Chi Reds
(Note — all games will be seven
innings long, and there will be two
officials per game.
VOLLEYBALL
4 p.m.
Court 1 Delt Pawns vs. ATO II
