# Quad Staff Chooses Larmer '50 Editor
## 
### 
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
Bill Larmer was unanunously
elected editor of the 1950 Quad
yesterday. Larmer, a senior, has
worked on th Quad for two years.
This year he was the junior edi
tor in charge of living groups.
Other candidates for the office
were the managing editor, Gene
vieve McDuffee, anil junior edi
tors Tom Donaca, Doris Elliott,
Dick Page, and Dottie Ward.
