# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Ever File Your
Nails oil Your
Face?
No —BUT you've probably
felt that you could on some
mornings after a face-scrap
ing ordeal with the razor.
Here's a remedy—Nylotio
Shaving Lotion. It will E
soothe and refresh your
skin and start your day
right.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEIN METZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
