# Adv. 35 Page 6
## 
### 
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
Classified Ads must be received before 2:15 the day proceeding
Minimum of 3 lines per ad; charge, $1.05 per day, cash in
publication.
advance.
