# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
& AIRLINES
# STEAMSHIP LINES
AMERICAN EXPRESS
<£ THOMAS COOK
☆ SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch for us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
