# quadicisms
## 
### 
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
Fiom far-flung corners of Quad,
here's what professors are saying:
(jiosvenor E. Powell, acting in
structor in English, on Chaucer: "He
says things that the censors are not
aware of. Well, it's very shocking.
So I recommend Chaucer to you . . .
in its original."
Hubert l(. Marshall, assistant pro
fessor of political science, on prohi
bition: "The people passed the 18th
Amendment and promptly went on
a national binge."
