# Brodie Throws
## 
### 
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
INDIAN ATTACK—It was lohn Brodie passing from the Stan
ford defensive cup who broke the back of the Trojans. Here
Brodie throws for one of his 14 completions against USC.


Hill lliui»pn
