# Music Professor To Speak Today
## 
### 
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
Hans-Heinz Drager, German mu
sicologist, will speak today at 4 p.m.
on "The History and Meaning of
Equal Temperament" in Room 102,
the Knoll.
Professor Drager has been on the
staff of RIAS, the American radio
station in Berlin, for the past five
years, lecturing on contemporary
music and preparing chamber music
programs.
Currently in residence at Stanford
on a Fulbright scholarship from the
Free University of Berlin, Professor
Drager has studied with Friedrich
Blume, Curt Sachs and Arnold Sche
ming.
Professor Drager has also contrib
uted to music periodicals in the
fields of tuning and temperament,
musical instruments and the relation
of words to music.
He will illustrate his remarks with
a harpsichord. The talk, sponsored
by the Department of Music, is open
1 to the public without charge.
