# AT UCLA
## Cards Seek League Win 
### 
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
This is the week they find out
whether the 1962 pennant race in
the California Intercollegiate
Baseball Association (CIBAi
could develop into a runaway for
the leading undefeated USC Tro
jans, or whether second-place
Santa Clara is going to whittle
away at the long-time league
champions.
Santa Clara, carrying a 4-2
league record after sweeping a
series from Stanford Saturday,
invades Troy’s Bovard Field for
two games, one each tomorrow
and Saturday.
Meanwhile the Cards of coach
Dutch Fehring, yet to attain a
league victory, travel for a sim
ilar two-game series at UCLA.
California draws a league bye.
League Standings
Club W L Pet, GBL
So. Calif 5 0 1.000
Santa Clara ..4 3 .667 I*4
’"California 2 3 .400 3
*UCLA 2 4 .400 3
Stanford 0 5 .000 5
* Not including suspended 7-
inning game to he completed on
May 11 or 12.
