# Muir, Chess Team Hold Fast-Move Chess Meet
## 
### 
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
A rapid transit (20-30 seconds
per move I chess tournament will
be held in Muir Lounge from
7:30 to 10 Friday night. An ad
mission fee of 50 cents will be
used for prizes.
The tournament is open to all
Stanford students and is spon
sored by Muir and the Stanford
Chess Team. Call Bill Rogers at
DA 3-3121 x 760 for reservations.
Bring your own chess boards and
pieces.
