# Adv. 31 Page 17
## 
### 
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
tresidder
union
6b ,
WUR
immediate openings tor you
i you are e*oe r iencec in
otlice skills, it you are
Detween iObs returning to
me working woria retired
Out still active or need
extra money'
I We aiso neea workers tor
tight industries olant
factory ware^O'ise
TOP PAY NO FEE
ithomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Pato Alto
328-0300.
J l!
