# Adv. 12 Page 7
## 
### 
Teacher Needed In Korea.GOOD PAY
For Sale 01 White Honda Accrd LX
4 Cyl Runs & looks great $7600
Call Judi at 650 322-2899
Babysitter wanted 2x/wk -4:30-
630 pm [flexible]. Biking dist.
from campus. 650-283-0851
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail .com
Teacher Needed In Korea.GOOD PAY
For Sale 01 White Honda Accrd LX
4 Cyl Runs & looks great $7600
Call Judi at 650 322-2899
Babysitter wanted 2x/wk -4:30-
630 pm [flexible]. Biking dist.
from campus. 650-283-0851
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail .com
Teacher Needed In Korea.GOOD PAY
For Sale 01 White Honda Accrd LX
4 Cyl Runs & looks great $7600
Call Judi at 650 322-2899
Babysitter wanted 2x/wk -4:30-
630 pm [flexible]. Biking dist.
from campus. 650-283-0851
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail .com
Teacher Needed In Korea.GOOD PAY
For Sale 01 White Honda Accrd LX
4 Cyl Runs & looks great $7600
Call Judi at 650 322-2899
Babysitter wanted 2x/wk -4:30-
630 pm [flexible]. Biking dist.
from campus. 650-283-0851
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail .com
Teacher Needed In Korea.GOOD PAY
For Sale 01 White Honda Accrd LX
4 Cyl Runs & looks great $7600
Call Judi at 650 322-2899
Babysitter wanted 2x/wk -4:30-
630 pm [flexible]. Biking dist.
from campus. 650-283-0851
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail .com
Teacher Needed In Korea.GOOD PAY
For Sale 01 White Honda Accrd LX
4 Cyl Runs & looks great $7600
Call Judi at 650 322-2899
Babysitter wanted 2x/wk -4:30-
630 pm [flexible]. Biking dist.
from campus. 650-283-0851
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail .com
