# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
Upper-classmen at Virginia have
pledged themselves not to play poker
■with Freshmen.
