# Ambassador Fears U.S. Military Aid
## 
### Jack Clumeck 
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
"The real fight is between pov
erty and prosperity." This was
the keynote statement of Moham
erl Ali Currin Chagla, new Indian
ambassador to the United States,
who visited Stanford yesterday.
The af fable, Oxford - educated
statesman continued, "The light is
between tho developed and Hie un
derdeveloped countries that is
the real issue."
Economic Aid
Emphasizing ttie importance of
past and present economic aid
throughout the discussion, Chagla
stated that the most beneficial
U.S. foreign policy has been "the
realization of the importance of
economic aid to underdeveloped
countries."
Strongly stating his country's
neutrality and opposition to mili
tary pacts, the ambassador opined
that the least beneficial U.S. for
eign policy has been "military
pacts . . . and military aid to coun
tries which are hostile to India
and which may use this military
aid against India."
India's not-so-friendly neighbor
on east and west is Pakistan, a
member of the U.S. - endorsed
Southeast Asia Treaty Organiza
tion (SEATO).
Friendly Relations
With regard to current Indian-
Pakistani relations, the ambassa
dor replied, "U.S. military aid to
Pakistan makes it difficult to es
tablish friendly relations, and we
certainly want friendly relations
with our neighbor."
On the recent Tibetan revolt.
Chagla answered: "India sympa
thizes wilh the people of Tibet.
We have granted asylum to the
Dalai Lama and he is a guest of
India."
Support UN
Reflecting his country's faith in
the United Nations as the way to
world peace, Ambassador Chagla
continued to say that India would
certainly "support the strengthen
ing of the UN. Military pacts are
harmful. They only increase the
tension and conflict in the world.
That is not the way to peace."
Complimenting the U.S. on its
foreign aid to India, Chagla con
cluded: "You should he proud of
your modesty. You don't heal lite
bi^ r drum. We appreciate what you
are doing."
Ambassador Chagla was accom
panied by his wife and daughter
on his campus visit. His extended
Bay Area stay will be terminated
by participation in the World Af
fairs Council at Asilomar.
