# Tennis Squad Plays Today
## 
### 
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
Stanford tennis swatters face a
very busy week-end. This afternoon
the junior varsity meets Menlo J.C.
in matches on the Farm courts. Var
sity players travel to Stockton on
Saturday to meet the College of Pa
cific netters.
Little is known of the Tiger squad
at Stockton, so Coach Bugge, who
mentors the tennis team, hazards no
•.•uess on the outcome of the matches
on the foreign field tomorrow. The
Farm tennisters don't measure up to
the quality of some of the prewar
teams, but nevertheless, should give

:i good account of themselves against
COP.
Mr. Bugge said that Arnold Bieser,
Bob Rut ledge, Dave Busham. Grover
Miller, Heath Schroeder—who is a
brother of Ted Schroeder, and Gene
Corman will make the trip to Stock
ton.
The contest against COP is a non
conference tilt, since regular season
play gets under way later in the
quarter. The league is composed of
USC, UCLA, Cal, and Stanford.
