# Enrollment Totals 1,959â€”Registrar
## 
### 
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
Late registrants raised the Stan
ford enrollment to a total of 4,!)59
students yesterday, just 41 short of
the expected 5.000, announced the
Registrar's Office.
In addition, there are 14fi men reg
istered in the School fo Naval Ad
ministration. making an over-all to
tal of 5,105.
Veterans registered number 1,925.
the majority of whom arc under the
G.I. Bill, and the remainder of whom
are under the Vocational Rehabilita
tion plan.
