# NEW INITIATION RULING
## 
### 
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
Contrary to the statement in yes
terday's Daily, only those registered
pledges who arc plus or minus less
than five in the Bawlout are eligible
for initiation according to the new
ruling handed down by Interfrater
nity Board.
