# Daily Edit Staff Will Meet Sunday
## 
### 
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
Editorial staff of The Daily will
meet in the Shack at 1 p.m. Sunday
for the first meeting of spring quar
ter. Former staff members are par
ticularly invited to attend.
Editorial board will meet at noon
and H.C.E.'s and N. E.'s after the
staff meeting.
Afternoon club will be observed.
