# Stall and Student Art Is on Display
## 
### 
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
The annual Stanford staff-student
art show opened Saturday at the Art
Gallery. The show features the best
student work done in art classes
during the present year, together
with selections by members of the
art faculty.
The show is designed to "tell the
story" of the rapidly expanding Art
Department, which since the war
has grown more than two-fold in
faculty and three-fold in student en
rollment. It includes examples of
sculpture, modeling, and architec
tural design—new courses added to
the art curriculum this year—and a
display of work in community plan
ning.
The exhibition will remain on dis
play until June 23.
