# Frosh Golf Team Wins Final Match
## 
### 
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
Trailing 11-7 as the last foursome
came in, the Stanford freshman golf
team eked out a 14-13 victory over
Sail Francisco City College Satur
day morning.
Duffy Blabon and Bob Teitsworth
scored seven out of a possible nine
points to insure a frosh win. Keith
Beekman carded a 79 to take low
medal honors.
This finished the season for the
freshmen, who can boast an unde
feated slate. A combination of eight
college freshman, jaycee, and high
school teams fell to the yearlings.
