# Banquet Tomorrow Night.
## 
### 
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
The banquet which the Univer
sity Cluh of San Francisco had
planned to give last Saturday in
honor of the Stanford (Jlen and
Mandolin Clnhs will l>e given
tomorrow night. The musical
cluhs will sing and play several
pieces.
