# Daily Sports
## 
### 

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.

JOHN FONTIUS, Card reserve guard, will probably be called on for
help over the weekend as Doug Clemetson is sidelined with a broken
bone in his foot. John has good moves and can throw sparkling
passes, but has been plagued by inconsistency.
