# SLAIN BANDIT LINKED WITH GIRL MURDER
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2.
Glen Lloyd. 30, ali:is Jimmy Ryan,
ex-convict .shot to death yesterday
in a police trap for holdup men, was
linked today by the Bureau of
Criminal Identification here with the
slaying last year of a Hollywood
girl, Wilma L. McFarland, 24. The
dead man's fingerprints were mailed
today 1o Los Angeles in the expec
tancy they would complete the
identification.
