# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
I
1
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
