# BAND HONORS LEADER AFTER CONCERT OVER RADIO STATION KGO
## 
### 
Professor Ernest Whitney Martin,
director of the Stanford Band for the
last twelve years, was honored Satur
day evening by the members of the
band at the KGO broadcasting station
who presented him with a gold watch
in recognition of his work and friend
ship for those who have played under
him. Professor Martin was completely
surprised by the event, and consider
ably disturbed by a pseudo "strike"
which the band members staged. Rich
ard W. Taylor, band manager, made
the presentation.
Following the presentation, Profes
sor Martin spoke briefly. He stated
that the band had now arrived at the
place where it needed a professional
director. He also announced to the
men that he doubted very much if he
would lead the band next year. The
demands of the organization would
more than take his time, he" stated.
The concert Saturday night over the
radio was said by KGO staff members
to be one of the finest band concerts
ever broadcast by that station. Tele
grams and letters have already poured
in in large numbers. Margery Black
welder, soprano, Mrs. Marguerite
Negus Barnes, accompanist, and Ben
jamin F. Culver, baritone, were heart
ily commended for their work between
band numbers.
One of the major concluding engage
ments of the band will be its appear
ance in the parade next Saturday at
the Fiesta de las Ilosas at San Jose.
Announcement was also made that the
Victor record which the band recently
made had passed tests made at the
Victor headquarters in Camden, New
Jersey, and will be on sale on tho
Coast within a few weeks.
