# ONLY EXISTING COPY OF MICHAEL ANGELO WORK SEEN IN L. A.
## 
### 
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
Motorists visiting Los Angeles will
undoubtedly take advantage of the in
vitation of Forest Lawn Memorial Park
to inspect the only existing copy of
what critics claim to be the greatest
example of the sculptor's art, Michael
Angelo's Moses, according to Hugh H.
Williams, local Packard and Nash dis
tributor.
"So perfectly has the reproduction
been made," Williams continues, "that
Earle C. Anthony, President of the
Packard Distributors for California,
said he seemed to be gazing at the
original, which he saw last summer
in St. Peter's Cathedral in Rome. The
copy was made under the direction of
Professor Armando Vene of the Minis
try of Fine Arts after Hubert Eaton,
Chairman of the Advisory Board of
Forest Lawn, had gained special per
mission for the work to be done. The
stone used was quarried in the Carrera
Hills, probably from the same vein
from which was taken the original
marble used by Michael Angelo who
finished his great work in 1515. The
work is in every way an exact dupli
cate, standing over 25 feet in height
and weighing more than 20 tons. The
unveiling exercises were attended by
Count Buzzi Gradonigo as official rep
resentative of the King of Italy, the
work being of international importance
to the art-loving Italians."
