# FAREWELL GIVEN FOR DR. AND MRS. WILBUR
## 
### 
As a final farewell for their journey
to the Orient, President and Mrs. Ray
Lyman Wilbur, who left yesterday to
sail from Vancouver, were the honor
guests at a banquet given by the
Chinese Student Club at the New
Union Saturday noon. Other guests
were Dr. David Starr Jordan and Pro
fessor and Mrs. Payson J. Treat.
The gratification of the Chinese stu
dents for the interest shown by Dr.
Wilbur in China was the topic of the
opening speech made by T. H. Tsui,
president of the club. Remarks were
also made by President Wilbur, Dr.
Jordan, and Professor Treat.
Practically every section of the vast
area fo China is represented in the
membership of the club, of which
thirty-six members were present at
the banquet.
