# SIX QUARTERBACKS ON TROJAN'S FIRST SQUAD
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7—With six
quarterbacks on his first string, Coach
Howard Jones has established some
sort of a record for signal-callers at
the University of Southern California,
Five of these pilots were on duty
against Santa Clara and all have seen
action this year.
The starting quarterback is Don
Williams. Morton Kaer rates second
and usually relieves Williams at the
start of the second quarter. The
Bronco game brought to light another
quarter in Morley Drury, and he will
probably take over this position after
Kaer has been at work for a quarter.
Howard Elliott, one of the 1925
stars, will probably do considerable
ball-packing in every game. The re
maining two quarters are Herschel
Bonliam and Bill Ford. Bonham scored
two touchdowns against Wliittier and
Ford played a part of the time against
Santa Clara
Two quarterbacks changed to other
positions this year because of an over
abundance of material for this berth.
One was Vic Orsatti, varsity man last
year, who is now playing full and in
side halfback. The other is Lowry
McCaslin, star quarter of Wliittier
high and the 1925 frosh, who is a
regular end.
