# APPOINTMENTS FOR 1927 QUAD STAFF NAMED BY EDITOR
## Nineteen Members of Board Of Editors Have Been Selected 
### 
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
Nineteen appointments have been
made to date on the editorial staff of
the 1927 Quad by Allan S. Klauber,
editor. The remainder of the athletic
staff and the razz staff will be ap
pointed later. Four salaried positions
on the staff are appointed by the Quad
board.
The four salaried positions of the
staff are Allan S. Klauber, editor;
Ruth Jordan, women's editor; Regi
nald S. Rood, literary editor; and
Kenneth C. Brown, photographic edi
tor. The other members of the staff
appointed are Fay Harrison, Rhoda
Lewis, Dorothy Bowen, in charge of
features; Alvin J. Cox, Jr., adminis
tration; Lucia Champlin, classes; Em
erson L. Spencer, year; Gregory Wil
liamson, dramatics; Fred E. Hines,
debate; James A. Habbeggar, govern
ment; Douglas E. Burns, publication;
Herbert A. Klein, music; Ethelind
Thompson, honorary professional so
cieties; Bernice Chase, clubs; Marga
ret Olsen, living groups; Fred W.
Speers, football; Dudley T. Ross, mi
nor sports; Herbert A. Klein, swim
ming and water polo; Ralph T. McEl
venny, tennis; and Astrid Arnoldson,
women's athletics.
