# THE 						BULL SESSION
## 
### 
Hardly have the echoes of our sten
torian laughter at the expense of the
Trojan Knights died away in the dis
tance, hardly have we declaimed the
innate intellectual superiority of the
Stanford Sophomore, when our own
Scalpers, as if resenting the compli
ment paid them, make a gesture which,
for pure inanity, puts their southern
competitors in the shade.
We refer to the terrifying manifesto,
recently published in this paper, to
the effect that all freshmen must wear
their dinks or "take the conse
quences."
* * *
There is only one group of men in
the University that does not under
stand what constitutes these "conse
quences." For the benefit of the class

of 1930, let us elucidate. The actual
portent of the Scalpers' warning is
this: "all freshmen must wear their
dinks or risk catching a cold in the
head."
Outside of this, the declamation of
the Scalpers means absolutely noth
ing. Thus, in point of impotency, the
fine ire of the local sophomore honor
society barely noses out the manly
rage of the Trojan Knights. For the
Scalpers are forbidden even the harm
less diversion of making the freshmen
year barrels, which, we have previous
ly remarked, is the prevailing custom
at U.S.C.
* * *
The whole affair is extremely dis
heartening. It is as if one had bet
his shirt on a record-holder, only to
have him stand at the post.
