# Iolanthe's Throne Visits Campus.
## 
### 
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
A parade to advertise the Junior
opera took possession of the campus
late this afternoon. The dignified
band led the demonstration garbed in
flowing yellow robes playing indiffer
ent music. The rest of the assem
blage was composed of a miscellan
eous gathering of representatives
from all classes dressed in more or
less fantastic costumes, surrounding
lolanthe's throne.
