# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
K*/ B Aftek an evening
" date or a battle
with the hooks, wise under
grads have a '"night-cap" he
fore bed. They go to the
campus restaurant or the
house pantry and eat a howl
of Kellogg's Rice Krispies. A
cereal so deliciously crisp
and erunchy that it actually
crackles in milk or cream!
Hice Krispies are nourish
ing, yet light, easv to digest.
They satisfy that evening
hunger and lit*lp you sleep
better.
1 ry Kicc Krispies for
breakfast or lunch. They're
more tempting than ever when
you add fruit or berries.
At hotels, restaurants and
grocers everywhere, oven-
Iresh, ready to serve. Made
by Kellogg in Battle Creek.
Quality guaranteed.
Listen! —
get hungry
Read Classified Ads
