# ENCINA VOTES $200
## 
### 
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
Encina Club voted last night to
appropriate $200 to the Convalescent
Home as part of the drive. Another
$200 will be given by the club as a
scholarship to some resident of En
cina Hall.
