# CAPITAL DRIES UP
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (/P).—An
insurance company executive today
told a Senate committee that passage
of the bill to abolish public utility
holding companies would dry up in
vestment capital.
