# Prevent Serious Accidents
## 
### 
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
(.cashing into :» lamp post ;in<l a free on
Palm Drive, ;i Stanford man Inst night was J
involved in the first major accident of the
year on the campus, and the second involving
campusiles. His crack-up so close to the stn
denl on the Far in forcibly reminds the Hough
of the tragic trallic toll of last year.
Ihe I nivcrsity's accident record so far !
shows measurable improvement. Last night's
occurrence, however, with its attending shat- :
tered glass and hospital reports, arouses an
otherwise dreamy enmpus to the possibilities )
of a recurrence of hist year's fatalities which
can only he prevented by a little intelligent
thinking and care.
