# Dorothy Dunlavy Elected New Y. W. Vice-President
## 
### 
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
Dorothy Dunlavy, '25, was elected
vice-president of the Y. W. C. A., and
Margaret Watson, '25, was chosen sec
retary at the Y. W. C. A. cabinet
meeting yesterday. The two new of
ficers were selected to fill the places
left vacant by the resignations of
Helen Whitney, '24, and of Ruth Lee
Spillman, '25, who is not in University
this quarter.
