# Sailors Will Not Play Stanford Grays Tomorrow
## 
### 
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
Because of injuries, the Mare Island
Naval Hospital football team will not
play the Stanford Grays tomorrow, ac
cording to an announcement made last
night hy Graduate Manager Paul
Davis. On account of the late with
drawal by the Navy team, it was im
possible to secure another opponent
for the Grays and the 10 o'clock game
on Saturday will not be played.
