# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton will give the commence
ment address at Montana State Uni
versity on June 7.
