# NEW APPRENTICES
## 
### 
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
Mary Ann Green, Enid Holt, and
Susan Ray have been chosen as
Orchesis apprentices, Mary Joyce,
president of Orchesis, announced
yesterday.
