# More About the "Tripitaka."
## 
### 
The Harvard Dully Nam has the
following to say about the " Tripitaka,"
Stanford's set of which is still in tran
sit:
The university library has just been
enriched by a gilt from his majesty,
Somdeeth 1'hra I'aramindr Chula Ohoin
Klao, King ot Siam. The books came
through the Siamese consul-general ut
New York, and comprise thirty-nine
volumes. It is an edition of the sacred
writings of the Southern Buddhists,
published by order of the king on the
occasion of the twenty-tilth anniversary
of his accession to the throne of Siam.
The books are printed in coarse
Siamese characters, and the text looks
like a promiscuous mixture of fish-hooks
and safety-pins, with an occasional
tuning-fork thrown in by way of variety.
So far as ascertained there is not a
professor in the university whose know
ledge ot the Oriental languages enables
him to decipher tlie curious hiero
gliphics.
The volumes are bound in yellow
leather, and the paper has the dark,
smoky appearance of pa per manufac
tured in the extreme east. The para
graphs are indented, as in American
hooks, and the lines apparently read
from side to side, instead of in vertical
columns, as is the case with several
Oriental languages.
Each book is prefaced with an in
scription in Siamese, followed by a
legend in English, French, and German,
in the order named, testifying that the
hook has been presented by his majesty,
the King ot Siam, to Harvard Uni
versity.
The encyclopedias and books of ref
erence at the library have little to say
of the Tripitaka, The Century Diction
ary very discreetly vouchsafes the
information that the word itself means
'•three baskets, and that the book is
this complete collection of the Northern
Huddhist scriptures, in the three div
isions of Sutra, Viuaya, and Abhid
harrna.''
The Harvard Dully Nam has the
following to say about the " Tripitaka,"
Stanford's set of which is still in tran
sit:
The university library has just been
enriched by a gilt from his majesty,
Somdeeth 1'hra I'aramindr Chula Ohoin
Klao, King ot Siam. The books came
through the Siamese consul-general ut
New York, and comprise thirty-nine
volumes. It is an edition of the sacred
writings of the Southern Buddhists,
published by order of the king on the
occasion of the twenty-tilth anniversary
of his accession to the throne of Siam.
The books are printed in coarse
Siamese characters, and the text looks
like a promiscuous mixture of fish-hooks
and safety-pins, with an occasional
tuning-fork thrown in by way of variety.
So far as ascertained there is not a
professor in the university whose know
ledge ot the Oriental languages enables
him to decipher tlie curious hiero
gliphics.
The volumes are bound in yellow
leather, and the paper has the dark,
smoky appearance of pa per manufac
tured in the extreme east. The para
graphs are indented, as in American
hooks, and the lines apparently read
from side to side, instead of in vertical
columns, as is the case with several
Oriental languages.
Each book is prefaced with an in
scription in Siamese, followed by a
legend in English, French, and German,
in the order named, testifying that the
hook has been presented by his majesty,
the King ot Siam, to Harvard Uni
versity.
The encyclopedias and books of ref
erence at the library have little to say
of the Tripitaka, The Century Diction
ary very discreetly vouchsafes the
information that the word itself means
'•three baskets, and that the book is
this complete collection of the Northern
Huddhist scriptures, in the three div
isions of Sutra, Viuaya, and Abhid
harrna.''
The Harvard Dully Nam has the
following to say about the " Tripitaka,"
Stanford's set of which is still in tran
sit:
The university library has just been
enriched by a gilt from his majesty,
Somdeeth 1'hra I'aramindr Chula Ohoin
Klao, King ot Siam. The books came
through the Siamese consul-general ut
New York, and comprise thirty-nine
volumes. It is an edition of the sacred
writings of the Southern Buddhists,
published by order of the king on the
occasion of the twenty-tilth anniversary
of his accession to the throne of Siam.
The books are printed in coarse
Siamese characters, and the text looks
like a promiscuous mixture of fish-hooks
and safety-pins, with an occasional
tuning-fork thrown in by way of variety.
So far as ascertained there is not a
professor in the university whose know
ledge ot the Oriental languages enables
him to decipher tlie curious hiero
gliphics.
The volumes are bound in yellow
leather, and the paper has the dark,
smoky appearance of pa per manufac
tured in the extreme east. The para
graphs are indented, as in American
hooks, and the lines apparently read
from side to side, instead of in vertical
columns, as is the case with several
Oriental languages.
Each book is prefaced with an in
scription in Siamese, followed by a
legend in English, French, and German,
in the order named, testifying that the
hook has been presented by his majesty,
the King ot Siam, to Harvard Uni
versity.
The encyclopedias and books of ref
erence at the library have little to say
of the Tripitaka, The Century Diction
ary very discreetly vouchsafes the
information that the word itself means
'•three baskets, and that the book is
this complete collection of the Northern
Huddhist scriptures, in the three div
isions of Sutra, Viuaya, and Abhid
harrna.''
The Harvard Dully Nam has the
following to say about the " Tripitaka,"
Stanford's set of which is still in tran
sit:
The university library has just been
enriched by a gilt from his majesty,
Somdeeth 1'hra I'aramindr Chula Ohoin
Klao, King ot Siam. The books came
through the Siamese consul-general ut
New York, and comprise thirty-nine
volumes. It is an edition of the sacred
writings of the Southern Buddhists,
published by order of the king on the
occasion of the twenty-tilth anniversary
of his accession to the throne of Siam.
The books are printed in coarse
Siamese characters, and the text looks
like a promiscuous mixture of fish-hooks
and safety-pins, with an occasional
tuning-fork thrown in by way of variety.
So far as ascertained there is not a
professor in the university whose know
ledge ot the Oriental languages enables
him to decipher tlie curious hiero
gliphics.
The volumes are bound in yellow
leather, and the paper has the dark,
smoky appearance of pa per manufac
tured in the extreme east. The para
graphs are indented, as in American
hooks, and the lines apparently read
from side to side, instead of in vertical
columns, as is the case with several
Oriental languages.
Each book is prefaced with an in
scription in Siamese, followed by a
legend in English, French, and German,
in the order named, testifying that the
hook has been presented by his majesty,
the King ot Siam, to Harvard Uni
versity.
The encyclopedias and books of ref
erence at the library have little to say
of the Tripitaka, The Century Diction
ary very discreetly vouchsafes the
information that the word itself means
'•three baskets, and that the book is
this complete collection of the Northern
Huddhist scriptures, in the three div
isions of Sutra, Viuaya, and Abhid
harrna.''
