# 'American Music' Has Future-Quiz
## 
### 
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
"The coming music life in the
United States is going to be greater
and probably will reach deeper than
anywhere in the world," hopefully
declared Mr. Rudolph Ganz, noted
pianist, composer, and conductor, last
night in his lecture, "Music Today,"
for the Tuesday Evening Series.
Mr. Ganz lauded America's part in
modern musical development in a
half-serious, half-humorous speech
that was well sprinkled with anec
dotes. Every innovation in the his
tory of music has been hailed with
disapproval and criticism, he said,
telling incidentally of an early de
scription of Chopin's music—"noth
ing.''
Beginning with the statement that
music is "a way of expressing your
self," Mr. Ganz briefly traced the
historical development of music from
early times, telling how each new
idea in this field had much prejudice
to overcome.
He said that "that is the way it is
with modern music." He praised
America for offering such wide
facilities for musical education and
said that America had three inven
tions that were a "vital force for
music today' : (1) The American
Federation of Music (an association
of women's musical clubs, the like of
which does not exist in Europe), (2)
High school orchestras and bands
("in Europe they sing, but do not
play") and (3) Children's symphony
concerts.
"Everything in musical history is
evolution, sometimes in the wrong
direction. What is g<x>d will be kept,
and what is bad will eventually be
discarded, he said. "The best will
always last."
Mr. Ganz closed his lecture by
playing several relatively modern
selections: A Chopin "Song"; "Im
provisation" and "March Wind," by
McDowell (both descriptive pieces);
"Little Sphinx." one of Mr. Ganz's
own compositions; "The Fireworks,"'
by Debussy; and Liszt's "Liebe
• trnum."
