# Two New Department Heads Named; Keller Leads NROTC
## 
### 
President Wallace Sterling, at the
close of spring quarter, announced
two new 1950-51 executive heads ot'
Stanford University departments.
They are Dr. Windsor C. Cutting
and Dr. John D. Goheen.
Dr. Cutting, professor of pharma
cology and therapeutics, will suc
ceed Dr. Paul J. Hanzlik as head of
the Department of Pharmacology in
the Stanford Medical School. Dr.
Hanzlik will retire in September.
Dr. Goheen, whose appointment
to the Stanford faculty as professor
of philosophy will be effective Sep
tember 1, will be the head of the
University's Philosophy Depart
ment. He is currently professor of
philosophy at Queen's College. New
York.
At the same time Dr. Sterling an
nounced that in September the head
of the University's Naval Reserve
Officers Training Corps will be
Colonel Albert J. Keller, U.S. Ma
rine Corps. Colonel Keller, who
will succeed Captain Ransom K.
Davis, USN, graduated from the
Naval Academy in 1931 and saw
war-time duty with Marine Corps
units at Bougainville, British Solo
mon Islands, Guam, and Marianas
Islands. Captain Davis, who is re
tiring from the Navy, will continue
to make his home in Menlo Park.
Dr. Norman Philbrick will be act
ing head of the Speech and Drama
Department in the sabbatical leave
absence of Hubert A. Heffner. And
Dr. Paul R. Farnsvvorth will be act
ing head of the Psychology Depart
ment during the sabbatical absence
of Dr. Ernest R. Hilgard.
