# Once Around The Quad . . .
## FACULTY NEWS 
### 
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
PHI BETA KAPPA
Professor David Faville of the j
Stanford Graduate School of Busi
ness is the new president of the Phi
Beta Kappa chapter at the Univer
sity.
Other local officers of the national
honor society are Edward A. White,
first vice - president; William L.
Schwartz, second vice - president;
Samuel Thurman Jr., treasurer; and j
Thomas S. Barclay, treasurer.
Professor Faville succeeds Pro
fessor Hugh H. Skilling.
