# SIGMA NU, BRANNER WIN FIRST MATCHES IN MURAL TENNIS
## 
### 
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
Sigma Nu and Branner I drew
initial blood in the opening of
the intramural tennis tournament
Tuesday and yesterday with vic
tories over El Campo and Encina
4W respectively. The fraternity
players made quick work of their
opponens, winning the first two
singles matches. The Branner re
presentatives found harder com
petition and emerged victorious
by winning the deciding doubles
match.
The scheduled competition be
tween Los Arcos and Sigma Chi
was postponed because of dark
ness and will be played off as soon
as weather conditions permit.
Every team winning the match
is urged by C. W. Davis, intra
mural sports director, to record
the result promptly on the bul
letin board in Encina gymnasium
as unrecorded groups will be de
faulted.
