# FRATERNITIES ROBBED
## 
### 
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
Because five fraternity houses were
robbed in one night at the University
of Nebraska, steps will be taken
against future robberies. Volunteer
fraternity watchmen may patrol fra-1
ternity and sorority houses every;
night for a period of thirty days or
more.

Three one-act plays written by stu
dents will be produced at the Univer
sity of Oregon next month.
