# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
Football players Drew Palin
and Scott Laidlaw will guest
on "Stanford Football
Insight" tonight at 10:25
p.m. KZSU's Mark Pelesh
hosts.
