# Executives Going 'Back to School'
## 
### 
Sixty top-level executives from
the United States, Australia, Can
ada, India, Honduras, Germany
and the Philippines are participat
ing in Stanford’s tenth annual
summer Executive Development
Program.
The program, sponsored by the
Graduate School of Business, will
continue through Aug. 18 under
the direction of Prof. Paul E.
Holden.

The executives, selected by their
own firms, are living on the cam
pus in Stern Hall and take inten
sive courses under Stanford pro
fessors on a group ■ participation
basis.

The eight - week course is de
signed to supplement “on - the
job’’ training of key men, and
seeks to expand the executive’s
consciousness of social, economic
and political influences which af
fect business.
