# Deadline Nearing To Change Exams
## 
### 
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
The deadline for filing petitions
for change in lime of summer
quarter final examinations is July
31, according to the Registrar’s
Office.
Petitions for any change in a
student’s final schedule must be
turned in to the Registrar’s Of
fice, Room 11 IF on Quad, no later
than that Monday.
