# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
The entire enrollment of the Uni
versity of Kansas was 194 in 1875.
