# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
Ms
I Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, if you are
between jobs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money'
We also need workers lor
light industries (plant.
factory, warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
Equal Ooportunify Employer
Unomas
Jpmporaries
Town and Country
Village
Palo Alto
328-0300
V "~jM —Jj
There's only
one thing
worse than
finding out
you have
cancer.
Not
finding out.
Many cancers can
be cured if discovered j
early enough. Get a
regular health check
up. Start now.
We want to wipe
out cancer in your
lifetime. Give to the
American Cancer
Society.
