# GARNER SWEEPS STATE PRIMARY
## G.O.P. Plurality For Hoover Exceeds '28 Returns 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. (IP)—
California's forty-four votes in the
Democratic national convention have
gone to Speaker John Nance Garner
by a plurality of upwards of 44,-
000 over Franklin D. Roosevelt and
Alfred E. Smith, and President
Hoover's unopposed Republican
delegation of forty-seven has re
ceived the tremendous total of more
than 630.000 in Tuesday's presiden
tial primary.
With all but 564 precincts out of
the 10,271 in the State accounted
for, the Democratic vote was as fol
lows:
Garner 211,257
Roosevelt 166,628
Smith 135,661
The vote for the unopposed Hoo
ver delegation was increasing as ad
ditional returns were reported last
night. The count in 9606 precincts
was:
Hoover 630,098
President Hoover's huge vote was
greater than that received by the
unopposed Hoover delegation at the
May, 1928, presidential primary.
