# CHOICE OF STATE BOURBONS
## 
### 

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.

Speaker John Nance Garner, whose claim to California's fourty-four
votes in the Democratic national convention were cinched by a plurality
of upwards of 44,000 as late returns of Tuesday's presidential primary
came in last night.
