# Syllabus Fees Payable; Fines Start Tomorrow
## 
### 
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
Syllabus fees are due and payable
today, according to announcement
from the cashier's office. Payment
may be made in Ihe lobby of the
Administration Building from 8
o'clock 1o 12 o'clock in the morn
ing, and 1 o'clock to 5 o'clock in
the afternoon.
An additional charge of $2 will be
made for bills not paid today, and
registration will he subject to can
cellation if they arc not paid by
May 12.
