# Everett Hall Talks to Faith Group Sunday
## 
### 
The Stanford Episcopal Club will
meet Sunday at 6 p.m. in the parish
house of All Saints Church. Profes
sor Everett W. Hall, Ph.D., will
speak on propaganda. The meeting
will be followed by evening service
and prayer at 7:45, at which Rev.
James R. Davidson will officiate.
Saturday, April 19, the club will
hold its annual picnic. Cars will
leave from the parish house at
10 a.m.

***The Lutheran Student Associa-

tion will meet Sunday afternoon,
5:30, at the home of Betsy Erickson,
667 Hamilton Street, in Pato Alto.
The discussion topic, Standards of
Living, will be based on the first
three commandments. Dinner will
be served.

***"The Dust of the Road" will be

presented by the Berkeley Baptist
Divinity School players at the 7:30
student worship service in the Bap
tist Church, Bryant and Hamilton
Streets. The Roger Williams Club
will hold an informal reception in
the church afterwards.

***The Westminster Club will meet

at 7:15 Sunday night in the First
Presbyterian Church* Forrest and
Waverly Streets, at which Frosty
Boyd will lead a panel discussion.
Vesper services will be held before
the discussion and a singspiration
will be held afterwards.
