# Co-op Group Will Hold Open House
## 
### 
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
Walter Thompson Co-op group
will hold an open house this Sunday
afternoon from 2 to 4 o'clock at 536
Alvarado Row at the Co-op house.
"All students and faculty members
interested are invited to attend,"
Mae Wynne, president, said. "We
particularly urge all faculty spon
sors and donors of furniture to in
spect the house and meet the
members."
Students desiring to live in the
Co-op house during summer quarter
are asked to apply to Mac Wynne.
Rent will be $8 a month plus the
visual deposit.
