# NOâ€”THEY DON'T GO WITH IT!
## 
### 

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.

IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY you can see 'neath this bevy of Stanford
pulchritude the Phi Psi Flivver,'which will be given away tonight at
the Sophomore Carnival. On the fender is Tony Smith. On the roof,
Janet Atkinson, Virginia Kirkwood, and Ann Gallery. Inside arc
George Ilellycr and Betty Jane Tweedy.
