# THOMAS RUNS AGAIN
## 
### 
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
Professor Earl C. Thomas of Stan
ford has decided to seek re-election
Lo the Palo Alto city council. He is
jne of five incumbents whose term
expires at the end of June. The
election will be held May 13.
