# Adv. 33 Page 6
## 
### 
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
So call your travel agent or Air
Canada and start your European va
cation out right. By saving money.
(Note: Fares subject to applicable
government taxes and to change
without notice.!
AIR CANADA®
