# Faulkner Dies
## 
### 
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
Emeritus Art Prof. Ray Faulkner, 68, former
chairman of the Department of Art and
Architecture and former director of the art
gallery and museum, died at his campus home
ast Friday after a long illness.
Private memorial services will be held this
norning at 10 at the family home, 765
Frenchman's Road.
He served as associate dean of the School of
lumanities and Sciences here from 1949 to
1959, and as acting dean from 1952 to 1956.
His own paintings have been exhibited at the
Stanford Art Gallery, the San Francisco
vluseum of Art and the Minneapolis Art
nctitute.
