# FRENCH NOTABLE DEAD
## 
### 
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
PARIS, Nov. 22. (/P> — Louis
Loucheur, 59, former cabinet minis
ter in a succession of French gov
ernments and once reputed to be
the wealthiest man in France, died
todav.
