# Untitled Article
## 
### 
you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




you went to a strange land searching
for a truth you felt was wrong
that's when the heartaches started
though you're where you want to be
-graham nash

photographs by
rob ericson and bruce charonnat




