# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
The December number of the Se
quoia, which is devoted mostly to
fiction and verse, contributed by
Stanford writers, made its ap
pearance this morning. It is of
about the usual size, and well il
lustrated.
