# SPECIAL NOTICES
## 
### 
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
The Oriental Gift Shop bids thee
welcome to its tea room, National
Bank building.
Wanted Immediately— Estimates for
typewriting work. Two carbons and
the original. The manuscript is al
ready typewritten and corrected and
is approximately 300 pages, double
space. Carey, Room 5, Stanford
Union.
