# Adv. 16 Page 7
## 
### 
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
| VIVACIOUS
J#
*- Jjk ''*•
PEGGY MOORE
smokes
CHESTERFIELDS
She says:
"For a cigarette that is always
fresh and mild Chesterfield is my ,
| choice."
Chesterfield—year after year—first
choice of college men and women. '
