# Adv. 15 Page 7
## 
### 
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
There Ace Only
33
MORE DAYS
• To get your plane reserva
tions homo
•To plan your summer va
cation
•To decide on the "honey.
moon" trip
But you can call on your
PENINSULA
TRAVEL SERVICE
any day
261 Hamilton Avenue
Mcxxanine Medico-Dental Bldg.
PA 2-4763
AIR and STEAMSHIP
TICKETS and TOURS
