# French Diplomat Lectures Today
## 
### 
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
Rene de Messiers, cultural coun
selor of the French Consulate in San
Francisco, will lecture today at 4
p.m. in room 78 of the Education
Building.
The lecture will be delivered in
French. De Messiers is touring most
of the colleges and universities in
the Bay Area.
De Messiers' topic will cover the
general aspects of French culture,
with emphasis on the contemporary
French theater.
