# MURAL MANAGERS WARNED
## 
### 
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
All delinquent tournament matches
in tennis, horseshoes, and handball
must be played today or be for
feited, according to mural director
Chuck Taylor.
Final signups for entries in the
intramural track meet must be made
by Monday at 12 noon. Taylor added.
