# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



Today

SHALL WE DANCE?
Graduate dance group Soul'd out
brings the funk to a hip-hop scene
once reserved for unaergrads.
GRADUATE LIFE/3

OPEN SEASON
Defending champions return to
court against elite competition at
| ITA All-American tournament
SPORTS/6

Sunny
81 v

Tomorrow

Sunny
80



