# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
MISCELLANEOUS
PUBLIC STENOGRAPHER
ISABEL HARVIELLE—Notary Pul>
lie. Mimeographing; Thesis typing
Private instruction in typing an<
Gregg Shorthand. D hone 4663, 21!
University Ave.
L'AIGLON CAFE—French cooking
specialty. Steak dinner everj
night. Homemade pastry. 17i
Lytton Ave.
hob art CHENOWETH, Licen e<
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices
and garages. Phone P.A. 21516.
HIGHEST PRICES paid for oh
clothing and shoes. We do al
kinds of tailoring at the lov.es
prices. College Clothes, 161 Uni
versity Ave. Phone 8292.
WANTED
WANTED -Canoes. Piedmont Camp
fire Girls want to buy some spoil
son type Old Town 16-ft. canoe:-.
Quote price and condition. Ad
dress: Highland & Guilford Road
Piedmont, Calif.
WANTED—Japanese couple want
position. Good cook. Many years
experience and well versed in fra
ternity work; best references
Phone 21531. Charlie. 834 Ramon.
Street, Palo Alto.
DANCING
DANCING—Classes Thursday p.m
Mazie Roddy, 908 Boycc Ave. Cal
3369. Px-ivate lessons by appoint
ment.
TYPEWRITING
TYPEWRITING, Secretarial work
by hour, day, or full time; excel
lent references. Eunice Rowland
Phone 4955.
