# COURT RULES CHAIN STORE FEES LEGAL
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
WASHINGTON. May 18. I/Pl—The
Indiana, law of 1920 imposing heavy
liconsc foes on chain stores was
sustained as valid today by the
Supreme Court.
The law was attacked on the
grounds there was no proper rela
tion between the number of stores
and the business conducted in ap
plying the tax and that it had no
real relation to public health and
safety.
The state claimed it was a national
tax, operated equally and evenly,
and was valid.
