# Long Live the Queen
## 
### 

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.

rfssocintcJ Press I'lint a
Charlotte Farley, 17, is the first
brunette to rule over the annual
Lewiston, Ida., cherry blossom fes
tival.
