# Encinasylum To Go Hawaiian
## Dance Tonight Features Hulas, Island Songs 
### 
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
Encina Club's Informal is sched
uled to get under way tonight at 9
o'clock, with Hawaiian hulas and
Hawaiian songs to liven the eve
ning.
Five hula dancers from the Hawai
ian Club are to entertain with na
tive dances, including "The Cock
eyed Mayor of Kaunakakai" and
"The Little Brown Gal." One of the
dancers who has appeared at the
Royal Hawaiian Hotel in Honolulu
will swing the popular "Carride
Hula."
George Doriss and his Hawaiian
orchestra from San Francisco will
play during intermissions. The mel
odies of Warren Ringen and his
eight-piece orchestra, with a male
vocalist, will furnish the dance mu
sic for Doriss' first campus appear
ance.
Bids may be obtained from the
A.S.S.U. office all day today, when
they will be taken off sale until
dance time and sold at the door.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. M. H. Save lie, Mr. and Mrs.
D. P. McKelvy, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. R. Johnson.
Arrangements for the dance are
being made by Walt Stroessel, presi
dent of Encina Club; Dick Harman,
club manager; and a dance commit
tee composed of Bob Beckham,
chairman, Bob Park, Bill Grannis,
Bob Dofflemeyer, John Collins, Har
old Barnard, Bill Roth. Pete Whittle
sey, and Elton Boone.
