# Wilbur To End Eastern Tour
## President Returns Here Early Next Week 
### 
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
President and Mrs. Ray Lyman
Wilbur are expected to return to the
campus next Tuesday or Wednesday
after a month-long trip to the East,
according to information received
from the President's office yesterday.
After leaving Stanford Nov. 7, Dr.
Wilbur and Professor Ralph H. Lutz
represented Stanford at the annual
meeting of the Association cf Ameri
can Universities, held at Brown Uni
versity, Providence, R.1., from Nov.
11 to 13.
Dr. Wilbur presented a report on
"The, Significance to the University
of Educational Developments on the
Junior College Level" at this meet
ing.
In addition to presenting two ad
dresses on medicine at Syracuse
University, the University President
also attended meetings of the Coun
cil on Medical Education and Hos
pitals, the American Social Hygiene
Association, and the General Edu
cational Board of the Rockefeller
Foundation.
