# HAVEN'T BLASTED COACHES OR PLAYERS
## 
### 
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
I haven't as yet heard from Colin
but the other day Toner made me
tremble with his mighty sarcasm. I
literally ran for cover under the
nearest typewriter to hide my head
in abject shame for hurting such a
righteous and fine college sports
writer.
One thing I have not stooped to
this quarter, however, is the
Masting of individual players,
{•caches, and teams, which is
more than can he said of a few
college sports writers I know of.
My attacks were on two people,
both of whom could fight back if
they wanted to by using the same
medium I used. It isn't exactly
cricket to single out players and
coaches, who can't possibly defend
themselves.
