# See. Roper Urges Big Tax Revision
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Dec. 2 (UP).â€”Secre
tary of Commerce Daniel C. Roper
recommended last night a general
revision of the government's entire
tax structure in order to distribute
the burden more equitably and in
clude as taxpayers a larger percent
age of the earning population.
He defended' the undistributed
corporate earnings tax as "admittedly
experimental," and assured business
leaders that Congress and the
treasury department already are
working to eliminate "injustices in
our tax laws."
Roper's address, delivered before
the Business Advisory Council, was
interpreted as an administration re
ply to charges by council members
that "hesitancy of invesotrs and
that "hesitancy of investors and
business men is the resutl of their
policies.
