# Law Students Will Take Experimental Examination
## 
### 
Legal ability of students in the Law
School will be tested tomorrow after
noon at 2:30 o'clock in Room 12 by an
experimental intelligence examination
to be given by faculty members of the
school. The test is the first of its
kind to be given at Stanford. Students
will not be required to take it, but it
is open to first- and second-year law
students.
The examination was prepared by
Merton L. Ferson, dean of the Law
School at the University of North
Carolina, and G. D. Sfoddard, profes
sor of psychology at the University of
lowa. Dean Ferson, who brought the
application of psychological intelli
gence tests to the subject of law, was
acting professor of law at Stanford in
the summer quarter of 1924. The test
is much the same as an ordinary in
telligence examination except that it
deals with legal subjects.
