# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
Headquarters for Exclusive Varsity
styles in Hats, Haberdashery, etc.
Pennants carried in stock, and made
to order.
J. L. SIMPSON,
See A. A. Hapgood, Agent South
ern Pacific Company at Palo Alto
depot, about your trip East and your
sieamship tickets—any and all routes
— 110 trouble to furnish information.
best Line of Brushes on the Coast
—Hair, tooth, hand lather. Also ra
zor strops and manicure goods. Stan
ford Pharmacy, H. F. Chandler, pro
prietor.
Now's the time to get your pictures
framed at Willard's Art Store.
