# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
First Church of Christ, Scientist.
—Services in the Madison-Tlioits
building Sunday at 11 a. m. Sub
ject, "Ancient and Modern Necro
mancy; or Mesmerism and Hypnot
ism." Sunday School at 10 a. m.
Weekly testimonial meeting Wednes
day evening at 8 o'clock. Reading
room at 452 University Avenue open
daily except Sunday from 1:30 to
4:30 p. m. Public cordially invited.
Call up Main 96 —Stanford Livery
Stables—G. Bracchi & Sons.
I ake your Watches to Seamans,
practical jeweler. Lenses fitted.
Get your clothes pressed at Lou*'s
Benoits in the basement of Encina.
Special Students' Sale.. Special Die
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works, 235 Univer
sity avenue.
See landlady, 18 Alvarado Row, or
Pox 95, Stanford University.
