# JUNIORS HOLD MEETING
## TO SUBMIT OFFER ON SENIOR CIRCUS PROPERTIES. Treasurer Roth Reports That Class Cleared $113.10 From Plug Ugly Performance. 
### 
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
At a meeting of the Junior Class
this noon the president was given
authority to appoint a committee of
three who shall make arrangements
for purchasing the properties used
in the Senior Circus this fall. Pre
sident Turner of the Class of 1908
has agreed to turn over to this com
mittee the bills for the property,
with the understanding that the
committee is to find out the total
cost of the articles in question and
make an offer for them. The most
important items of the property are
canvas and electrical fixtures.
The class also decided that the
arrangements for the Junior Opera
ought to be got under way earlier
than has been the custom in former
years, and a committee is to be ap
pointed to decide what sum should
be offered as a prize for the produc
tion.
Treasurer A. E. Roth submitted a
report of the class finances, show
ing that the receipts from the Plug-
Ugly performance were $291.15. The
expenses connected with it, were
$178.35, leaving a balance of $113.-
1 0 for the class.
