# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
The provision that the team which
Stanford meets in her first track
meet with the University of South
ern California shall be composed
partly of Pomona athletes if they
desire to compete was a wise one for
the Executive Committee to insist
upon and practically does away with
about the only criticism which might
otherwise have been directed against
the new agreement. Stanford has
no right to discriminate in her rela
tions with any of the southern col
leges and the action is further jus
tified in that it insures a faster set
of opponents for the Cardinal. The
bringing of the Stanford-California
eligibility agreement to cover all
questions which might arise in such
a three-cornered meet may also have
the good effect of putting an end to
the petty squabble over the disbar
ment. of men which appears to en
gage the attention of the fmthern
colleges every spring.
