# Mechanical Engineers To Meet.
## 
### 
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
The regular meeting of the Me
chanical Engineering Association
will be held next Monday, November
24, at 7:45, in room 263. The prin
cipal business of the meeting will
be the nomination of officers for
next semester.
B. H. Herbert, '08, will address
the society on "Bearings and Lubri
cation."
