# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are run as a public
service by the Daily only for
events which are free and open
to the public. Announcement
forms must be filled out and
placed in person at the Daily of
fice in the Storke Building, ac
ross Lomita Mall from Terman
Engineering Center. The dead
line for submitting announce
ments is 1 p.m., two business
days before publication.
