# Movies of First Two Games Show Tonight
## 
### 
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
Movies of the Sun Jose State and
Harvard games will be shown to
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audi
torium. Assistant Coach Ray Harn
ett will comment on the lirst two
games played by Stanford this
season. *
The movies will be the lirst in a
Thursday night series of game
movies. There is no charge for ad
misison and everyone is invited to
attend the showing. This Thurs
day night scries is sponsored by
Cardinals.
