# CAL RUNS OSC PLAYS
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28 (/I 5 ) — The
California Bears practiced until
dark today against Oregon State
plays as run off by the jayvees.
When it was over, Coach Lynn
Waldorf commented gloomily the
varsity's work "was not very satis
factory."
The Bears meet the Beavers at
Portland Saturday. Guard Ray De-
Jong today was named California's
game captain. Whether halfbacks
Paul Baldwin and Frank Brunk
would be able to play was still un
determined, Waldorf said.
