# New Students and Frosh Invited to Join Debaters
## 
### 
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
Tlie debate staff and coachcs will
meet with all freshmen and new
students interested in extra-curric
ular speech activity at 4:15 p.m.
in Room 2 of the Education Build
ink'-
Work for the fall quarter will
consist of debates with the Univer
sity of California and other schools
on the national topic, "Resolved,
that the United States should na
tionalize the basic non-agricultural
industries."
Major emphasis this quarter will
be placed on preparation for the
Western Speech Association Tour
nament to be held t>n the Stanford
campus November 21, 22, and 23.
Preparation will soon begin on the
topic "Resolved, that the United
States should establish a Marshall
Plan for the Orient."
The tournament will also include
individual events in oratory, extem
poraneous, impromptu, and after
dinner speeches. There will be sep
arate divisions for experienced and

inexperienced speakers as well as
separate divisions for men and
women.
The year's plans include special
instruction for freshmen and inex
perienced debaters, inter-team var
sity and freshman debates, and
women's debating teams. There are
tentative plans to send Stanford
teams to USC, the Linfield Tourna
ment, and the Rocky Mountain
Tournament.
Dr. James Emerson of the Specch
Department has initiated plans to
bring a team of British debaters to
Stanford in February or March. One
of the most interesting debates of
last year was with a British team
on planned economy, according to
Tom Brand, debate manager.
The JofTre debate, to be held this
year on the California campus, will
climax the debating year. After 55
annual JofTre debates the score
stands at 28 wins for Stanford, 27
for California. Dow Carpenter won
last year for Stanford.
