# Steel Walkout
## 
### 
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
PITTSBURGH — A steel industry
proposal aimed at averting a na
tional strike today brought not peace
but a hotly worded union statement
that steel companies are trying to
force a strike.
Negotiations deadlocked again and
Cyrus S. Ching, Federal Concilia
tion director, dispatched expert med
iators to key steel negotiations
around the country in a last minute
effort to avert a walkout Friday mid
night.
