# Rotary Club
## 
### 
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
Deadline for signing up for Rotary
International fellowship interviews
has been extended until tomorrow,
according to Professor Herbert E.
Dougall, chairman of the Palo Alto
Rotary Club fellowship committee.
Arrangements may be made at
the Scholarship Office, Room 111-F,
for interviews with the Palo Alto
committee, which will refer stu
dents to their home town Rotary |
Clubs lor sponsoring and nomina- I
tions.
