# KING'S SISTER ILL
## 
### 
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
WINDSOR, England, April 12 (TP).
—While King George officially was
reported to be improving from his
atlack of bronchitis, it was revealed
tonight that another member of the
Yoyal family, Princess Victoria, the
King's sister, has been suffering with
a bad cold.
