# CERMAK TAKES REST
## 
### 
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla, April 12 (/P).
—Anton J. Cermak, Chicago new
mayor, will arrive here tomorrow to
rest al the home of his daughter,
Mrs. Frank Jirka.
