# HOOVER'S UNCLE DIES
## 
### 
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
PAWHUSKA, Okla., Apr. 12 (A 5 ). —
Major Laban J. Miles, 87, uncle of
President Hoover, with whom the
latter went to live after the death
of his own father, when Hoover was
a boy of 14, died here at his home
this afternoon.
