# Adv. 3 Page 3
## 
### 
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
I
dyfylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
l
for their
DIAMOND RLINGS
BECAUSE
fhey have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Curlule
J JEWELER'
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto,
[ 323-2834
