# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
Tonight's Palo Alto Election
Special will include a
tape-delayed broadcast of the
last Candidates Night with
presentations by all of the
candidates plus an
examination of the issues
involved in the City Council
election.
6:40 p.m. - "Justice in
America," lecture by Law
Professor John Kaplan.
7:30 p.m. - Palo Alto
Election Special
