# Tryouts to Be Held For Yell Leaders
## 
### 
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
Yell leader tryouts will be held
this afternoon from 3 o'clock on in
the Rally Committee office in the
Old Union, Head Yell Leader Tom
Elke stated.
Anyone interested in being a
yell leader or being a member of a
new "committee" which Elke is
forming is urged to try out whether
he has had experience or not. A
head yell leader will bo selected
from these tryoutees in the spring
sleet ions.
