# Now or Never For Quad Pics
## 
### 
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
Note to the egoists and/or
wallflowers of the Class of
1!)62: Today is the final day
for freshmen to have their pic
tures taken for the Quad. Now
or never. The portraits will he
taken in the Wilbur adminis
tration office. Cost for the pic
tures is $1.7.3 and the dress is
white sweaters or blouses for
the women and coat and tie for
the men.
