# HOUSING COMMITTEE
## 
### 
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
The Housing Committee will meet
today at 4:30 p.m. in the Women's
Clubhouse.
