# British Arms Program
## 
### 
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
LONDON —Prime Minister Attlee
announced today that Britain will
embark on a 13,160.000.000 arms pro
gram as her share of the "free
world's" defense against aggressive
Communism and will mobilize 245,-
000 World War II veterans for re
fresher training.
The money to be spent on arms
represented an increase of more than
$.3,000,000,000 over the program an
nounced only last September. The
boost, reported at American insist
ence, will quadruple arms produc
tion in the nfxt three years. The re
serves, mostly specialists, will be
called for 15 days' "emergency"
training next summer.
