# Adv. 34 Page 11
## 
### 
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
YOUR GREATEST
TRIBUTE...THE
ELIMINATION
OF CANCER.
A Memorial Qift to the
American Cancer Society is a
meaningful remembrance of
loved ones at a time when
meanings are so important
And they help the Society
carry on its important
programs of cancer control.
Tor more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
