# Adv. 16 Page 6
## 
### 
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
THE UNIVERSITY
OE NORTH CAROLINA
AT CHAPEL HILL
is now accepting ap
plications for 1977-78
from outstanding stu
dents at Stanford Uni
versity for the MBA
PROGRAM. For in
formation write to
THE MBA PROGRAM
The Graduate School
of Business Administra
tion
Carroll Hall 012-A
Box 8
University of
North Carolina
at Chapel Hill
Chapel Hill
North Carolina 27514
