# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students who reside in Palo Alto
have just cause for complaint
against whoever is responsible for
the scandalous condition of the
sidewalk between the old station
and the entrance to the campus.
The walk was never much of a
credit, but now it is simply a dis
grace. In making the recent road
improvements several planks were
torn up, and they have not been re
placed. The result is that those
who walk between the town and the
University are compelled, in such
weather as the present, to wade
ankle deep in mud. Besides, the
walk is in such a condition as to
endanger everyone who passes over
it. We believe the supervisors of
Santa Clara county made the re
cent improvements. They ought
to finish the job by repairing the
old sidewalk or laying a new one
without delay.
Students who reside in Palo Alto
have just cause for complaint
against whoever is responsible for
the scandalous condition of the
sidewalk between the old station
and the entrance to the campus.
The walk was never much of a
credit, but now it is simply a dis
grace. In making the recent road
improvements several planks were
torn up, and they have not been re
placed. The result is that those
who walk between the town and the
University are compelled, in such
weather as the present, to wade
ankle deep in mud. Besides, the
walk is in such a condition as to
endanger everyone who passes over
it. We believe the supervisors of
Santa Clara county made the re
cent improvements. They ought
to finish the job by repairing the
old sidewalk or laying a new one
without delay.
Students who reside in Palo Alto
have just cause for complaint
against whoever is responsible for
the scandalous condition of the
sidewalk between the old station
and the entrance to the campus.
The walk was never much of a
credit, but now it is simply a dis
grace. In making the recent road
improvements several planks were
torn up, and they have not been re
placed. The result is that those
who walk between the town and the
University are compelled, in such
weather as the present, to wade
ankle deep in mud. Besides, the
walk is in such a condition as to
endanger everyone who passes over
it. We believe the supervisors of
Santa Clara county made the re
cent improvements. They ought
to finish the job by repairing the
old sidewalk or laying a new one
without delay.
Students who reside in Palo Alto
have just cause for complaint
against whoever is responsible for
the scandalous condition of the
sidewalk between the old station
and the entrance to the campus.
The walk was never much of a
credit, but now it is simply a dis
grace. In making the recent road
improvements several planks were
torn up, and they have not been re
placed. The result is that those
who walk between the town and the
University are compelled, in such
weather as the present, to wade
ankle deep in mud. Besides, the
walk is in such a condition as to
endanger everyone who passes over
it. We believe the supervisors of
Santa Clara county made the re
cent improvements. They ought
to finish the job by repairing the
old sidewalk or laying a new one
without delay.
Students who reside in Palo Alto
have just cause for complaint
against whoever is responsible for
the scandalous condition of the
sidewalk between the old station
and the entrance to the campus.
The walk was never much of a
credit, but now it is simply a dis
grace. In making the recent road
improvements several planks were
torn up, and they have not been re
placed. The result is that those
who walk between the town and the
University are compelled, in such
weather as the present, to wade
ankle deep in mud. Besides, the
walk is in such a condition as to
endanger everyone who passes over
it. We believe the supervisors of
Santa Clara county made the re
cent improvements. They ought
to finish the job by repairing the
old sidewalk or laying a new one
without delay.
