# Untitled Article
## 
### 
One of the most wonderful
sources of Oxford's marvellous in
fluence upon her students, through
out the centuries, has been the ar
chitectural beauty of the college
buildings. There is no question
that aesthetic surroundings exert
an incalculable power in the direc
tion of that self-restraint and cul
ture at which university education
aims. More than any other uni
versity in the United States, Stan
ford is entitled to be proud of her
externals. There may be more
venerable piles among the college
buildings of this country, m , cer
tainly there is nothing that ap
proaches the quad in chaste and
impressive beauty. The aesthetic
environment of our university life
exerts a distinct influence on each
of us. We should throw ourselves
open to that influence. We should
be absorbing it every day.
One of the most wonderful
sources of Oxford's marvellous in
fluence upon her students, through
out the centuries, has been the ar
chitectural beauty of the college
buildings. There is no question
that aesthetic surroundings exert
an incalculable power in the direc
tion of that self-restraint and cul
ture at which university education
aims. More than any other uni
versity in the United States, Stan
ford is entitled to be proud of her
externals. There may be more
venerable piles among the college
buildings of this country, m , cer
tainly there is nothing that ap
proaches the quad in chaste and
impressive beauty. The aesthetic
environment of our university life
exerts a distinct influence on each
of us. We should throw ourselves
open to that influence. We should
be absorbing it every day.
One of the most wonderful
sources of Oxford's marvellous in
fluence upon her students, through
out the centuries, has been the ar
chitectural beauty of the college
buildings. There is no question
that aesthetic surroundings exert
an incalculable power in the direc
tion of that self-restraint and cul
ture at which university education
aims. More than any other uni
versity in the United States, Stan
ford is entitled to be proud of her
externals. There may be more
venerable piles among the college
buildings of this country, m , cer
tainly there is nothing that ap
proaches the quad in chaste and
impressive beauty. The aesthetic
environment of our university life
exerts a distinct influence on each
of us. We should throw ourselves
open to that influence. We should
be absorbing it every day.
One of the most wonderful
sources of Oxford's marvellous in
fluence upon her students, through
out the centuries, has been the ar
chitectural beauty of the college
buildings. There is no question
that aesthetic surroundings exert
an incalculable power in the direc
tion of that self-restraint and cul
ture at which university education
aims. More than any other uni
versity in the United States, Stan
ford is entitled to be proud of her
externals. There may be more
venerable piles among the college
buildings of this country, m , cer
tainly there is nothing that ap
proaches the quad in chaste and
impressive beauty. The aesthetic
environment of our university life
exerts a distinct influence on each
of us. We should throw ourselves
open to that influence. We should
be absorbing it every day.
One of the most wonderful
sources of Oxford's marvellous in
fluence upon her students, through
out the centuries, has been the ar
chitectural beauty of the college
buildings. There is no question
that aesthetic surroundings exert
an incalculable power in the direc
tion of that self-restraint and cul
ture at which university education
aims. More than any other uni
versity in the United States, Stan
ford is entitled to be proud of her
externals. There may be more
venerable piles among the college
buildings of this country, m , cer
tainly there is nothing that ap
proaches the quad in chaste and
impressive beauty. The aesthetic
environment of our university life
exerts a distinct influence on each
of us. We should throw ourselves
open to that influence. We should
be absorbing it every day.
