# PRESS CLUB
## 
### 
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
Held an Enthusiastic Meeting Last
Evening.—Will Adopt a Pin,
Yell, and Song.
Last evening the Stanford Press
Club held its first meeting of the
year and discussed plans for mak
ing it a more prominent organiza
tion in the life of the University
than it has been for some time.
Several new members, whose names
will he announced when their
initiations occur, were voted in,
and those present decided to have
frequent social gatherings for mu
tual profit. It is the intention to
entertain some alumnus engaged
in newspaper work, or some promi
nent journalist, at most of these
meetings. Messrs. Renaud, Dryer,
and Lockey were appointed a com
mittee to secure pins with the de
sign of a " for members. Among
other things, a yell and a song will
probably be adopted by the club.
