# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
—Dr. J. P. Smith, Ralph Ar
nold,' 99, E. H. Nutter, '02, and E.
P. Carey, Harvard, -'94, attended
the meeting and banquet of the
geological section of the California
Academy of Sciences in San Fran
cisco, Saturday evening. J)r. Smith
has heen the president of the sec
tion for the past year, while Ralph
Arnold was elected secretary for
1901-02.
