# Quad.
## 
### 
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
Ij. L. .lames, ex-'l3, recently passed
the bar examinations in San Fran
cisco.
