# Meyers' Tables Held for Higher Price.
## 
### 
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
All efforts to secure Charlie Meyers'
tables, now at bis ranch near Napa,
have so far proved unavailing.
Meyers has been offered as high as
$3000 for the collection, but he is
holding out for more. He is confident
that some Stanford Alumni will come
forward and pay his price rather than
permit these relics of so much Stan
ford tradition to be lost to posterity.
He refuses to sell the tables singly.
