# Engineering Expert to Speak Thursday
## 
### 
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
On Thursday evening, Mr. Gerhart,
Pacific Coast expert of the General
Electric company on voltage regula
tors. will speak in the electrical engi
neering building, ilis subject will be
"Voltage Regulators on Transmission
Lines."
Owing to the general interest of the
subject to the engineering profession,
members of all four engineering de
partments are invited to attend. The
meeting will begin promptly at 7:30.
