# ACADEMIC COUNCIL
## 
### 
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
Academic Council will meet in the
Little Theater of Memorial Hall to
day at 4:13 to discuss conferring of
degrees.
