# Untitled Article
## 
### 
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
DR. JAN POPPER, assistant profes
sor of music, has announced that
the opera history class will meet
Friday at 11 a.m. in Room 123 of
Memorial Hall (the Little Theatre).
