# IN HOSPITAL
## 
### 
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
Only Stanford student now in the
Palo Alto Hospital is Merlene Fair
child.
