# Announcements
## 
### 
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
FRIDAY
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
Question: "Resolved that the United
States recognize the Soviet
government of Russia." Former varsity
debaters need not present themselves
for this preliminary tryout.
Preliminary tryouts for the Stan
ford-California debate will be from 2
to 5 o'clock in the Little Theater.
There will be an important meeting
of the Masonic Club at a supper in
the Stanford Union Friday at 8 p. m.
TUESDAY
De Molay Meeting—All members
of the Order of De Molay are re
quested to attend a meeting at the
Old Union Tuesday, October 17, at
7:30 p. m.
All candidates for charter member
ship in Palo Alto Chapter De Molay
must have petitions in hands of Ben
Allen, Palo Alto Hardware Co., before
Tuesday, October 17.
NOTICE
Sophomore tryoutees for tennis man
ager report to Nowell at Encina Gym
nasium this week.
NEW STUDENTS
Come to a social and jolly-up Sat
urday night, 8 p. m., at the Methodist
Church, corner of Webster and Ham
ilton, P. A. Eats and a good time for
all.
NOTICE
Young people's societies of the
Christian, Baptist, and Methodist
churches will gi v e special programs
Sunday evening, October 15. Speakers
who have visited various college
groups will discuss opportunities for
Christian vocations. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all students.
