# WOMEN LEAVE TODAY TO SPEND WEEK-END AT "Y" CONFERENCE
## 
### 
Fifty-five Stanford women will leave
today for Asilomar to attend the Y. W.
C. A. winter conference. The meeting
begins tonight and will last over this
â€¢week-end.
Representatives of most of the Cali
fornia colleges and universities are
expected to attend. A few Arizona in
stitutions are also sending women to
the conference.
The program will be varied and in
teresting. Dr. Albert Coe, head of the
Department of Religious Education at
Columbia University, is to be the main
speaker on the program. Dr. Coe is a
contributor to the Atlantic Monthly
and has written several books. There
will also be talks on "Youth and Edu
cation" by Girl Reserve leaders and
Y. W. C. A. secretaries, who will ex
plain the work with younger girls.
Women attending the conference
will go by automobile and by train,
no special transportation being pro
vided.
Miss Esther Dayman and the Girl
Reserves will be the hostesses at the
conference.
There are seventeen majors in land
scape gardening at Oregon Agricul
tural College.
A recent investigation at Columbia
University showed that Columbia stu
dents show a tendency to read cheap
fiction, but good newspapers.
