# Cox, Joslvn Get Lieut. Commissions
## 
### 
Two former varsity football play
ers, Jim Cox and Bill Joslyn, have
been commissioned second lieuten
ants in the U.S. Marine Corps, and
are now receiving advanced training
in a reserve officers class at Quan
tico, Va.
Cox, a Beta, and Joslyn, a Deke,
both left Stanford last July to attend
the University of California under
the Leatherneck college training
program, and went on to star on the
Bear grid squad. The two football
athletes are among the few to win
football letters at both colleges.
Cox majored in pre-law while
Joslyn found his interests in eco
nomics and education. These two
men were two of but a few to be
commissioned at such an early date,
entering the Marine Corps only nine
months ago. They will remain in
Virginia until their training is com
pleted and then probably be sent
back to the West Coast.
