# Open House Sponsored By Union Residence
## 
### 
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
The lirsl open house of the quar
ter for Army students at Stanford
was announced hy Don Bluh, so
cial chairman of the ASC. The
girls cif Union are throwing wide
the doors to members of Company
"C" this Sunday. April 30. A sign
up sheet for men who wish to at
tend has been posted on the bul
letin board. Since only seventy
men can be accommodated, it will
be first come, first served. Fran
Jennings is in charge of the open
house.
The affair promises to he a fine
chance for the girls at Union to
repudiate the indifference with
which some soldiers claim they
have been received.
