# 37 Stanford Men Pass Eddy Test for Navy
## 
### 
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
Thirty - seven Stanford students
successfully passed the Eddy Test,
the first hurdle toward entering the
Navy's Radio Technician program, it
was announced today by Lt.-Conidr.
T. T. King, officer-in-charge.
