# Will Regulate Automobiles.
## 
### 
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
The university authorities are tak
ing extra precautions to keep auto
mobiles from all Ihe streets and
roads of the Campus, with the ex
ception of the auto speedway and
Lasuen street. A mounted officer
has been placed on duty to patrol the
Campus during the day, having strict
orders to prevent automobiles from
trespassing on any of the other
streets.
For the first offense, the automo
bile drivers will be warned not to
repeat it and will then be set at lib
erty. But if they offend a second
time they will be arrested and tried
for trespass.
