# UNIVERSITY BULLETIN
## 
### 
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
Friday.
Intercollegiate chess match, En
eina Hall, 7:30.
Saturday.
Intercollegiate tennis match, En
cina courts, 9.
Intercollegiate women's tennis
match, Roble courts, 10.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Wiley B. Al
len nine, Campus diamond, 10.
Intercollegiate track meet, new
track, 2:30.
Intercollegiate debate, Assembly
Hall, 8.
