# California Student Elections.
## 
### 
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
In the general elections at Cali
fornia yesterday, Ralph Merritt was
elected graduate manager of athlet
ics, to succeed O. F. Snedigar. Oth
er officers elected were as follows:
president of the Associated Women
Students, Miss Maude Cleveland; sec
retary, Miss Widde Dendricks; trea
surer, Miss Uernice Kelley. Presi
dent Associated Students, J. \V. Kib
ben; vice-president, Dean Witter;
secretary, Stuart O'Mulveney; yell
leader, Max Stone.
