# Untitled Article
## 
### 
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
We wish to call attention to the
statement of H. C. Green, '08, which
appears in tonight's paper. This
statement was written more than
two weeks ago, at the time when the
committee of San Francisco alumni
was gathering testimony concerning
the parade of March 12 and the sub
sequent action of the Student Af
fairs Committee. We do not print
this statement because of any new
facts that are developed, but because
it. represents the opinion of a man
who is associated with the temper
ance movement in college and a man
of strong convictions on the drink
ing question. As representing his
point of view we consider this let
ter one of the strongest opinions
that has appeared concerning the re
cent, difficulty.
