# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
\
MOVING?
Call
Republic Van Lines
321-1422
All rates are not the
same! Check our rates
for storage, starting at
$5.00 per week. We
have three ways to
handle your storage
problems.
V J
