# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
Modern lawn tennis was patented
by Major Wingfield of England in
1874.
