# LETTERS
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
Editor, The Daily:
In The Daily of Jan. 8, I read
the following head: “Riot Police
Act Against Angry Moslem
Mobs.” I have some comments on
that short column which reflects
a serious misconception of the
Algerian Revolution.
The Revolutionary War in Al
geria has been largely an un
known war reported to the out
side world by brief battle com
muniques issued by French
sources and subject to the rigid
press censorship imposed by
French military and administra
tive authorities.
The Algerian Nationalists are
lighting for the achievement of
national independence by the res
toration of a sovereign, demo
cratic Algerian State. Within this
Stale, fundamental liberties are
to be guaranteed to all, with no
distinction based on race, creed
or religion.
The Algerian struggle is not an
isolated , movement, but part of
the Arab Nationalism which is
“the only formula which can pro
vide viable solutions to the Arab
problems.”
Whenever there is an Algerian
Nationalists’ (which are both
Christians and Moslems) attack
the French military authorities
and European extremists will
label it as “terrorism” by some
angry Moslem mobs.
In view of (ho realities of the
means of the Revolutionists, sa
botage and guerilla warfare con
stitute a part of the Algerian
Revolutionary military tactics
and we consider the trained com
mando units and underground
leaders as “resistance heroes and
patriots”!
What will the Americans con
sider the units which existed dur
ing the American War of Inde
pendence, the Irish underground
organization, and the French re
sistance movement during World

War II?
Hpwever, I rannot conceive the
strange attitude of those who ex
press horror at the use of stones
and bottles, or blocking off
streets with barricades, and re
main silent at the mass killing of
innocent Arab civilians, by the
more anonymous and efficient
methods of modern technical war
fare, and “scientific” torture.
S. Al-Sirani
