# La 						Canada Club To Give Awards
## 
### 
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
The Thursday Club of La Ca
ftada, California, announces that
scholarship funds up to one thou
sand dollars will be available to
qualified students for the coming
academic year.
Awards will be limited to resi
dents of the La Caftada Unified
School District. Deadline for ap
plications is February 1, 1962.
Application blanks and more
detailed information are avail
able in the Financial Aids Office.
