# BOOKSTORE DIRECTORS TO DELIVER REBATE
## 
### 
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
A ten per cent, rebate has been de
clared by the directors of the book
store on purchases made during the
past fiscal year, and this rebate will
be paid on all sales slips turned In
before November 1.
