# FIFTH MAN DIES IN S.F. TANKER BLAST
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7. (/Pi-
Captain Oscar Landahl died at the
Marine Hospital here today of
burns he received in the explosion
aboard the Standard Oil tanker
Charlie Watson at Pier 43 three
weeks ago.
Captain Landahl's death is the
fifth from the explosion which was
caused by gasoline becoming ig
nited.
