# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Pea holders
5 Get ready for
surgery
9 Beethoven's
"Fur "
14 Geometry
product
15 Victoria or
Geneva
16 Zapped in the
microwave
17 Hydration from
underground
19 Prevailing
tendency
20 Horseshoer's
workshop
21 "All set!"
23 Excuse designed
to elicit sniffles
26 Busy pro in Apr.
29 Thunder on a
radio show, e.g.
34 Test the weight of
36 To this day
37 Bird on a dollar
38 Minimally
40 Undiversified, as
a farm
42 Old French
money
43 Uncover,
poetically
44 Head of France?
45 In a rage
49 "The Waste
Land" poet's
monogram
50 Made a mess of
52 Mouth the lyrics
56 White Rabbit's
cry
60 Arm of the sea
61 House majority
leader of the
early 1970s
64 "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" author
65 Has regrets
about
66 Baseball Hall of
Famer Speaker
67 Cousins of
hamlets
68 Leave the stage
69 Not tagged in
time
DOWN
1 Dog's dogs?
2 Utah city
3 Sandwich seller
4 Seasons, as fries

5 Hedonistic
fellows
6 Maze scurrier
7 Scratch (out), as
a living
8 Sentence ender
9 Payment from a
contestant
10 Tackle box item
11 It sells a lot of
build-it-yourself
furniture
12 E-mail
command
13 Swirling current
18" on first?"
22 Desert Storm
ration, for short
24 Mutton fat
25 Explosive
compound
26 Grain husks
separated in
threshing
27 Lab dish inventor
28 G sharp's
equivalent
30 It's not fiction
31 "Snowy" wader
32 Stops bleeding
33 Conical
residence
35 Shelter for
roughing it
39 Altar attendants

40 Aunt Bee's
grandnephew
41 Most destitute
43 Tie settlers, for
short
46" voyage!"
47 Game often
played with a
24-card deck
48 Make absurdly
easy, with "down"
51 Novelists'
creations

52 Letter-to-Santa
itemization
53 Totally enjoying
54 Clear the snow
55 Attached with
thread
57 Taj Mahal city
58 "Woohoo, the
weekend!"
59 Being, to Caesar
62 "La Cage
Folles"
63 Wahine's gift

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

By Bruce Venzke & Stella Daily 9/23/09

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 9/23/09


ACROSS
1 Pea holders
5 Get ready for
surgery
9 Beethoven's
"Fur "
14 Geometry
product
15 Victoria or
Geneva
16 Zapped in the
microwave
17 Hydration from
underground
19 Prevailing
tendency
20 Horseshoer's
workshop
21 "All set!"
23 Excuse designed
to elicit sniffles
26 Busy pro in Apr.
29 Thunder on a
radio show, e.g.
34 Test the weight of
36 To this day
37 Bird on a dollar
38 Minimally
40 Undiversified, as
a farm
42 Old French
money
43 Uncover,
poetically
44 Head of France?
45 In a rage
49 "The Waste
Land" poet's
monogram
50 Made a mess of
52 Mouth the lyrics
56 White Rabbit's
cry
60 Arm of the sea
61 House majority
leader of the
early 1970s
64 "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" author
65 Has regrets
about
66 Baseball Hall of
Famer Speaker
67 Cousins of
hamlets
68 Leave the stage
69 Not tagged in
time
DOWN
1 Dog's dogs?
2 Utah city
3 Sandwich seller
4 Seasons, as fries

5 Hedonistic
fellows
6 Maze scurrier
7 Scratch (out), as
a living
8 Sentence ender
9 Payment from a
contestant
10 Tackle box item
11 It sells a lot of
build-it-yourself
furniture
12 E-mail
command
13 Swirling current
18" on first?"
22 Desert Storm
ration, for short
24 Mutton fat
25 Explosive
compound
26 Grain husks
separated in
threshing
27 Lab dish inventor
28 G sharp's
equivalent
30 It's not fiction
31 "Snowy" wader
32 Stops bleeding
33 Conical
residence
35 Shelter for
roughing it
39 Altar attendants

40 Aunt Bee's
grandnephew
41 Most destitute
43 Tie settlers, for
short
46" voyage!"
47 Game often
played with a
24-card deck
48 Make absurdly
easy, with "down"
51 Novelists'
creations

52 Letter-to-Santa
itemization
53 Totally enjoying
54 Clear the snow
55 Attached with
thread
57 Taj Mahal city
58 "Woohoo, the
weekend!"
59 Being, to Caesar
62 "La Cage
Folles"
63 Wahine's gift

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

By Bruce Venzke & Stella Daily 9/23/09

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 9/23/09


ACROSS
1 Pea holders
5 Get ready for
surgery
9 Beethoven's
"Fur "
14 Geometry
product
15 Victoria or
Geneva
16 Zapped in the
microwave
17 Hydration from
underground
19 Prevailing
tendency
20 Horseshoer's
workshop
21 "All set!"
23 Excuse designed
to elicit sniffles
26 Busy pro in Apr.
29 Thunder on a
radio show, e.g.
34 Test the weight of
36 To this day
37 Bird on a dollar
38 Minimally
40 Undiversified, as
a farm
42 Old French
money
43 Uncover,
poetically
44 Head of France?
45 In a rage
49 "The Waste
Land" poet's
monogram
50 Made a mess of
52 Mouth the lyrics
56 White Rabbit's
cry
60 Arm of the sea
61 House majority
leader of the
early 1970s
64 "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" author
65 Has regrets
about
66 Baseball Hall of
Famer Speaker
67 Cousins of
hamlets
68 Leave the stage
69 Not tagged in
time
DOWN
1 Dog's dogs?
2 Utah city
3 Sandwich seller
4 Seasons, as fries

5 Hedonistic
fellows
6 Maze scurrier
7 Scratch (out), as
a living
8 Sentence ender
9 Payment from a
contestant
10 Tackle box item
11 It sells a lot of
build-it-yourself
furniture
12 E-mail
command
13 Swirling current
18" on first?"
22 Desert Storm
ration, for short
24 Mutton fat
25 Explosive
compound
26 Grain husks
separated in
threshing
27 Lab dish inventor
28 G sharp's
equivalent
30 It's not fiction
31 "Snowy" wader
32 Stops bleeding
33 Conical
residence
35 Shelter for
roughing it
39 Altar attendants

40 Aunt Bee's
grandnephew
41 Most destitute
43 Tie settlers, for
short
46" voyage!"
47 Game often
played with a
24-card deck
48 Make absurdly
easy, with "down"
51 Novelists'
creations

52 Letter-to-Santa
itemization
53 Totally enjoying
54 Clear the snow
55 Attached with
thread
57 Taj Mahal city
58 "Woohoo, the
weekend!"
59 Being, to Caesar
62 "La Cage
Folles"
63 Wahine's gift

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

By Bruce Venzke & Stella Daily 9/23/09

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 9/23/09


ACROSS
1 Pea holders
5 Get ready for
surgery
9 Beethoven's
"Fur "
14 Geometry
product
15 Victoria or
Geneva
16 Zapped in the
microwave
17 Hydration from
underground
19 Prevailing
tendency
20 Horseshoer's
workshop
21 "All set!"
23 Excuse designed
to elicit sniffles
26 Busy pro in Apr.
29 Thunder on a
radio show, e.g.
34 Test the weight of
36 To this day
37 Bird on a dollar
38 Minimally
40 Undiversified, as
a farm
42 Old French
money
43 Uncover,
poetically
44 Head of France?
45 In a rage
49 "The Waste
Land" poet's
monogram
50 Made a mess of
52 Mouth the lyrics
56 White Rabbit's
cry
60 Arm of the sea
61 House majority
leader of the
early 1970s
64 "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" author
65 Has regrets
about
66 Baseball Hall of
Famer Speaker
67 Cousins of
hamlets
68 Leave the stage
69 Not tagged in
time
DOWN
1 Dog's dogs?
2 Utah city
3 Sandwich seller
4 Seasons, as fries

5 Hedonistic
fellows
6 Maze scurrier
7 Scratch (out), as
a living
8 Sentence ender
9 Payment from a
contestant
10 Tackle box item
11 It sells a lot of
build-it-yourself
furniture
12 E-mail
command
13 Swirling current
18" on first?"
22 Desert Storm
ration, for short
24 Mutton fat
25 Explosive
compound
26 Grain husks
separated in
threshing
27 Lab dish inventor
28 G sharp's
equivalent
30 It's not fiction
31 "Snowy" wader
32 Stops bleeding
33 Conical
residence
35 Shelter for
roughing it
39 Altar attendants

40 Aunt Bee's
grandnephew
41 Most destitute
43 Tie settlers, for
short
46" voyage!"
47 Game often
played with a
24-card deck
48 Make absurdly
easy, with "down"
51 Novelists'
creations

52 Letter-to-Santa
itemization
53 Totally enjoying
54 Clear the snow
55 Attached with
thread
57 Taj Mahal city
58 "Woohoo, the
weekend!"
59 Being, to Caesar
62 "La Cage
Folles"
63 Wahine's gift

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

By Bruce Venzke & Stella Daily 9/23/09

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 9/23/09


ACROSS
1 Pea holders
5 Get ready for
surgery
9 Beethoven's
"Fur "
14 Geometry
product
15 Victoria or
Geneva
16 Zapped in the
microwave
17 Hydration from
underground
19 Prevailing
tendency
20 Horseshoer's
workshop
21 "All set!"
23 Excuse designed
to elicit sniffles
26 Busy pro in Apr.
29 Thunder on a
radio show, e.g.
34 Test the weight of
36 To this day
37 Bird on a dollar
38 Minimally
40 Undiversified, as
a farm
42 Old French
money
43 Uncover,
poetically
44 Head of France?
45 In a rage
49 "The Waste
Land" poet's
monogram
50 Made a mess of
52 Mouth the lyrics
56 White Rabbit's
cry
60 Arm of the sea
61 House majority
leader of the
early 1970s
64 "Uncle Tom's
Cabin" author
65 Has regrets
about
66 Baseball Hall of
Famer Speaker
67 Cousins of
hamlets
68 Leave the stage
69 Not tagged in
time
DOWN
1 Dog's dogs?
2 Utah city
3 Sandwich seller
4 Seasons, as fries

5 Hedonistic
fellows
6 Maze scurrier
7 Scratch (out), as
a living
8 Sentence ender
9 Payment from a
contestant
10 Tackle box item
11 It sells a lot of
build-it-yourself
furniture
12 E-mail
command
13 Swirling current
18" on first?"
22 Desert Storm
ration, for short
24 Mutton fat
25 Explosive
compound
26 Grain husks
separated in
threshing
27 Lab dish inventor
28 G sharp's
equivalent
30 It's not fiction
31 "Snowy" wader
32 Stops bleeding
33 Conical
residence
35 Shelter for
roughing it
39 Altar attendants

40 Aunt Bee's
grandnephew
41 Most destitute
43 Tie settlers, for
short
46" voyage!"
47 Game often
played with a
24-card deck
48 Make absurdly
easy, with "down"
51 Novelists'
creations

52 Letter-to-Santa
itemization
53 Totally enjoying
54 Clear the snow
55 Attached with
thread
57 Taj Mahal city
58 "Woohoo, the
weekend!"
59 Being, to Caesar
62 "La Cage
Folles"
63 Wahine's gift

Tuesday's Puzzle Solved

By Bruce Venzke & Stella Daily 9/23/09

(c)2009 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 9/23/09


