# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
The winning team in the Freshman-
Sophomore debate at Minnesota will
receive $100.
