# Untitled Article
## 
### 
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
According to a new ruling at Wil
liams, the maximum number of cuts
allowed per semester totals one week
of work.
