# Dr. Gardner Will Preach.
## 
### 
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
The regular morning service will be
held in the chapel Sunday, Dr. I).
Charles Gardner being the preacher.
The usual ministration of the Lord's
Supper in the vestry room of the Mem
orial church will be omitted on this
date.
