# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
At Syracuse University $50,000 has
been raised to be used in beautifying
the campus.
