# A 						Guessing Contest.
## 
### 
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
J. M. Jacobi & Co. of San Francisco,
have aroused a great deal of interest
among the members of the Stanford
Student Body with their guessing eon
test as to the number of paid atten
dance at the Big Game. The Stanford
student guessing nearest the correct

number will lie presented with one of
the best overcoats in the store. The
display made in their window of a
scene from a football game is one of
the best window displays in the city
and is attracting a great deal of at
tention.
