# Folk Lore Club Meets.
## 
### 
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
The Spanish Folk Lore Club met
recently in Palo Alto, at the home of
Professor Espinosa. There were about
fifteen present, most of whom were
graduate students and seniors. Pro
fessor Espinosa was unanimously
elected president, and Miss Gunnell,
secretary. The president was author
ized to appoint a committee of three
to arrange programs for cach meet
ing. The club will study only the folk
lore of Mexico.
