# Football Starts 4:45, Monday.
## 
### 
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
The time for the first practice on the
sawdust field on Monday has been
changed from 4:30 to 4:45, the regular
week-day hour for gridiron work.
Candidates are required to be on the
ground in their suits at the hour
named, sharp, ready to answer to their
names which Coach Presley will call
from the list of men signing up at the
big rally tonight. Lateness of candi
dates, unless occosioned by a turn of
affairs not possible to be avoided, is
one of the primary sins of the football
field, and Freshmen will do well to
understand this at the very beginning.
Promptness will add one more advan
tage to the Cardinal hosts during the
two months grind.
