# Officers of Band.
## 
### 
At h recent meeting of the organ
ization the University band chose
the following officers; president,
B. C. Bubb, '04, treasurer, D. V.
■Cowden, '03, manager, G. H. Beebe.
At h recent meeting of the organ
ization the University band chose
the following officers; president,
B. C. Bubb, '04, treasurer, D. V.
■Cowden, '03, manager, G. H. Beebe.
At h recent meeting of the organ
ization the University band chose
the following officers; president,
B. C. Bubb, '04, treasurer, D. V.
■Cowden, '03, manager, G. H. Beebe.
At h recent meeting of the organ
ization the University band chose
the following officers; president,
B. C. Bubb, '04, treasurer, D. V.
■Cowden, '03, manager, G. H. Beebe.
At h recent meeting of the organ
ization the University band chose
the following officers; president,
B. C. Bubb, '04, treasurer, D. V.
■Cowden, '03, manager, G. H. Beebe.
At h recent meeting of the organ
ization the University band chose
the following officers; president,
B. C. Bubb, '04, treasurer, D. V.
■Cowden, '03, manager, G. H. Beebe.
At h recent meeting of the organ
ization the University band chose
the following officers; president,
B. C. Bubb, '04, treasurer, D. V.
■Cowden, '03, manager, G. H. Beebe.
