# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Therk is every reason for con
gratulation that the Student Guild
Hospital is an accomplished fact.
The epidemic of last year with its
serious consequences brought home
with force the necessity for provid
ing a hospital easily accessible to
students. While hitherto the
Guild has been carelessly organized
and ill-managed, at the crisis last
spring the men in 'control showed
that they were able to cope with the
fever. They were fearfully handi
capped, however, by lack of money,
lack of supplies, and lack of a hos
pital. This year the enterprise has
entered into a new period of its ex
istence. Compulsory membership
places the finances on a firm basis,
the complete re-organization of the
Guild assures a successful adminis
tration, arid the hospital in Palo
Alto makes the equipment of the
directors practically complete. The
typhoid epidemic taught a valuable
lesson which is having its fruition
in the present progressive plans of
those in charge of the Guild. The
need of a student infirmary was
long appreciated, and the opening
of the new hospital supplies that
want in a. most efficient manner.
