# POSITIONS AS TEACHERS.
## Graduates Who Will Have Work in Various Universities and Schools. 
### 
The following list is appended of
Stanford graduates who have
secured positions as teachers for the
coming year:
Ernest E. Balcomb, '03, teacher
of science, Fresno high school; Jen
nie T. Porter, '03, Grant Falls pub
lic schools, Montana; P. A. David
son, '98, San Diego public schools;
Frank E. Thompson, '01, San Diego
Normal; Irving E. Outcalt, '96,
Santa Rosa high school; E. M.
Leonard, '03, teacher of mathemat
ics, Santa Cruz; Marie Jacobs, '03,
teacher of German in Miss Knox's
School, New York; Geo. C. Barton,
'03, teacher of history, Susanville
high school; Jessie F. Bell, '03,
rural school, Child's Valley, Napa
county; Chas. E. Pugh, '03, Oak
land public school; Benj.J. Bairos,
'0.5, principal of Greenville school,
Plumas county; J. C. Walker, '00,
School of Mines, Golden, Colorado;
E. C. Hagmeyr, '03, teacher in
Antioch high school; \V. W.
Swing,'o3, San Bernardino public I
school; Frances E. Short, '03, Uni
versity of Nevada; Roger J. Ster-!
rett, '03, supervisor of drawing,
Riverside schools; E. O. James, '01,
vice-principal Pacific Grove high
school; Harry L. Zint, '03, teacher
of Latin, English, and German in
The Needles high school; James C.
Ray, '02, principal Covelo high
school; James A. Koontz, '01, prin
cipal of Dillon, Montana, high j
6chool; D. Montgomery,'ol, princi
pal Sonoma high school; Carroll D.
Scott, '03, teacher of history, St.
Matthew's School; Lucy C. Mount,
'96, teacher of history, Latin, and
German, Corning high school; Al
bert J. Schwartz, '03, teacher of j
mathematics, Eureka high school;
Thomas A. Hayes,'o3, city super
intendent of schools, Albany, Ore
gon; Winnona Lathrop, '01, rural
school, Laticoy; Edith M.Jordan, I
'00, teacher of history, Merced high
school; Rufus Kimball, '03, Boone's
School, Berkeley; Zoe S. Bartruff,
'02, teacher of English, German,!
and music, Downey high school; :
James Hyde, '01, professor of j
geology, University of Oregon;
Josephine Moulton, '02, teacher in
rural school, Fraisier; Miss C.
Smith, '02, Prescott, Arizona, high
school; Charles E. llass, '98, com
mercial work, Madera high school;!
Miss Shirley Charles, ex-'O4, teach- i
er of drawing, Hoitt's Preparatory
School; Helen Downing, '03, Los
Angeles high school; EllaG. Wood,
'03, teacher of English, Los Angeles
normal; Leroy H. Stephens, A. B.
'02, A.M. '03, teacher of Latin, the
Lyceum, San Francisco; Clara D.
Barnhisel, '02, teacher of English,
French, and German, Salinas high
school; Sophia G. Ramsey, '03, pub
licschool, Fowler; Frank Shepherd,
'95, professor of analytical chem
istry, University of Southern Cali
fornia; Hessie Strange, '03, teacher
of chemistry, Colusa high school;
Virginia M. Kelly, '03, public
schools, Nordhoff; Marion Fuller,
'03, San Mateo high school; Lucy
H. Waters, '99, Corona high school;
May Bradford, '03, teacher of draw
ing, Seattle high school.
