# Election
## 
### 
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
Students will decide among 53
undergraduates and 14 graduate
students competing for 10 ASSIJ
Senate positions in each category
in the ASSIJ election today and to
morrow.
Voters will also vote on a one
time, $1 fee assessment for im
provements to Lake Lagunita.
Polling places will be open bet
ween 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. at the Post
Office and engineering corner, and
between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. at the
history corner. Medical School.
Physics Tank and Business School.
Students must show their current
student registration cards (not
meal tickets) in order to vote.
The Daily will print preliminary
results of the election on Friday.
Returns will not be final until bal
lots from overseas campuses are
received.
