# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Appetite
Women's basketball has an
appetite for destruction
against No. 1 Tennessee.
page 8

Spirit
Frosh basketball star
KambaTshioyi has
indomitable spirit.
page 8

Reason
Ish and the
Digable Planets don't
need a reason to rap.
Intermission

Appetite
Women's basketball has an
appetite for destruction
against No. 1 Tennessee.
page 8

Spirit
Frosh basketball star
KambaTshioyi has
indomitable spirit.
page 8

Reason
Ish and the
Digable Planets don't
need a reason to rap.
Intermission

Appetite
Women's basketball has an
appetite for destruction
against No. 1 Tennessee.
page 8

Spirit
Frosh basketball star
KambaTshioyi has
indomitable spirit.
page 8

Reason
Ish and the
Digable Planets don't
need a reason to rap.
Intermission

Appetite
Women's basketball has an
appetite for destruction
against No. 1 Tennessee.
page 8

Spirit
Frosh basketball star
KambaTshioyi has
indomitable spirit.
page 8

Reason
Ish and the
Digable Planets don't
need a reason to rap.
Intermission

Appetite
Women's basketball has an
appetite for destruction
against No. 1 Tennessee.
page 8

Spirit
Frosh basketball star
KambaTshioyi has
indomitable spirit.
page 8

Reason
Ish and the
Digable Planets don't
need a reason to rap.
Intermission

Appetite
Women's basketball has an
appetite for destruction
against No. 1 Tennessee.
page 8

Spirit
Frosh basketball star
KambaTshioyi has
indomitable spirit.
page 8

Reason
Ish and the
Digable Planets don't
need a reason to rap.
Intermission

Appetite
Women's basketball has an
appetite for destruction
against No. 1 Tennessee.
page 8

Spirit
Frosh basketball star
KambaTshioyi has
indomitable spirit.
page 8

Reason
Ish and the
Digable Planets don't
need a reason to rap.
Intermission

