# SPORTS CALENDAR
## 
### 
December 1-3

THURSDAY

Women's swimming
at Texas Invitational
through Saturday

Men's swimming
at Speedo Cup
through Saturi
at Long Be
ional
■ MMMMMMMMMI

.v.".; :
Women's basketbal
at Tennessee
w i

SATURDAY

Women!,
NCAA
Rounl
at Maples
ent

... ij,
Wrestling
vs. Cal Poly-Slo 7:30 pm
at Bumham Pavilion
I
W$m

basketball
at NC State
'' y -:S>. I

Men's basketball
vs. San Jose State 7:30 pm
at Stanford
December 1-3

THURSDAY

Women's swimming
at Texas Invitational
through Saturday

Men's swimming
at Speedo Cup
through Saturi
at Long Be
ional
■ MMMMMMMMMI

.v.".; :
Women's basketbal
at Tennessee
w i

SATURDAY

Women!,
NCAA
Rounl
at Maples
ent

... ij,
Wrestling
vs. Cal Poly-Slo 7:30 pm
at Bumham Pavilion
I
W$m

basketball
at NC State
'' y -:S>. I

Men's basketball
vs. San Jose State 7:30 pm
at Stanford
December 1-3

THURSDAY

Women's swimming
at Texas Invitational
through Saturday

Men's swimming
at Speedo Cup
through Saturi
at Long Be
ional
■ MMMMMMMMMI

.v.".; :
Women's basketbal
at Tennessee
w i

SATURDAY

Women!,
NCAA
Rounl
at Maples
ent

... ij,
Wrestling
vs. Cal Poly-Slo 7:30 pm
at Bumham Pavilion
I
W$m

basketball
at NC State
'' y -:S>. I

Men's basketball
vs. San Jose State 7:30 pm
at Stanford
December 1-3

THURSDAY

Women's swimming
at Texas Invitational
through Saturday

Men's swimming
at Speedo Cup
through Saturi
at Long Be
ional
■ MMMMMMMMMI

.v.".; :
Women's basketbal
at Tennessee
w i

SATURDAY

Women!,
NCAA
Rounl
at Maples
ent

... ij,
Wrestling
vs. Cal Poly-Slo 7:30 pm
at Bumham Pavilion
I
W$m

basketball
at NC State
'' y -:S>. I

Men's basketball
vs. San Jose State 7:30 pm
at Stanford
December 1-3

THURSDAY

Women's swimming
at Texas Invitational
through Saturday

Men's swimming
at Speedo Cup
through Saturi
at Long Be
ional
■ MMMMMMMMMI

.v.".; :
Women's basketbal
at Tennessee
w i

SATURDAY

Women!,
NCAA
Rounl
at Maples
ent

... ij,
Wrestling
vs. Cal Poly-Slo 7:30 pm
at Bumham Pavilion
I
W$m

basketball
at NC State
'' y -:S>. I

Men's basketball
vs. San Jose State 7:30 pm
at Stanford
December 1-3

THURSDAY

Women's swimming
at Texas Invitational
through Saturday

Men's swimming
at Speedo Cup
through Saturi
at Long Be
ional
■ MMMMMMMMMI

.v.".; :
Women's basketbal
at Tennessee
w i

SATURDAY

Women!,
NCAA
Rounl
at Maples
ent

... ij,
Wrestling
vs. Cal Poly-Slo 7:30 pm
at Bumham Pavilion
I
W$m

basketball
at NC State
'' y -:S>. I

Men's basketball
vs. San Jose State 7:30 pm
at Stanford
December 1-3

THURSDAY

Women's swimming
at Texas Invitational
through Saturday

Men's swimming
at Speedo Cup
through Saturi
at Long Be
ional
■ MMMMMMMMMI

.v.".; :
Women's basketbal
at Tennessee
w i

SATURDAY

Women!,
NCAA
Rounl
at Maples
ent

... ij,
Wrestling
vs. Cal Poly-Slo 7:30 pm
at Bumham Pavilion
I
W$m

basketball
at NC State
'' y -:S>. I

Men's basketball
vs. San Jose State 7:30 pm
at Stanford
