# Frank Klick Comes Back To Coast to Meet Ross
## 
### 
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
Frankie Klick, remembered on the
Coast from two years ago as a box
ing will-o-the-wisp, returns from
the East with a radically different
style of fighting—he is aggressive,
forces the fight, watches his chance
to slip over his haymaker.
Klick, who won the junior light
weight or 130-pound title from Kid
Chocolate on a knock-out, will meet
Barney Ross in San Francisco Mon
day, March 5, for Ross' junior wel
terweight belt, 140 pounds. Klick
plans to "lay for a chance to level"
Ross.
