# First Entrant
## 
### 

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.

The first Hawaiian yacht to enter
the transpacific classic, the Cali
fornia to Hawaii race, will be the
Manuiwa, entrant of Harold Dil
lingham, Honolulu sportsman, pic
tured above arriving at Los An
geles aboard the Malolo.
