# French Prisoner Given a Lift
## 
### 

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.

A stubborn prisoner in the jail at St. Etienne. France, is
carried to court on a policeman's shoulder after he had refused
to budge, pleading illness despite a doctor's verdict that he
was perfectly well.
