# GUERARD TO TALK
## 
### 
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
Professor Albert Guerard, of the
Department of English will speak on
"Contemporary French Problems"
before the Commonwealth Club on
Friday, March 2. The talk will be
broadcast over station KPO.

The light from the nearest star
takes approximately four years to
reach the earth.
