# Early Candidate
## 
### 

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,

1 Thomas L. Taylor, 24, Portland,
announced to Oregon voters he
would be Democratic candidate for
governor in 1946. That will be the
first election in which Taylor is
over the minimum age limit of 34,
