# CPPC event calendar
## 
### 
♦ February ♦
9 — Tuesday, 7 p.m., location
to be announced. The Self-
Directed Job Search for
PhD's Exploring Alternative
Careers. See Alice
Branstrom or Edward Es
cobedo at the CPPC to sign
up.
16 — Tuesday, 7 p.m., location
to be announced. The Self-
Directed Job Search for
PhD's Exploring Alternative
Careers: Focusing, Sharing
and Reporting. See Alice
Branstrom or Edward Es
cobedo at the CPPC to sign
up.
17 — Wednesday, 6 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House.
Experience-by-Degrees
Program: Applying a Degree
in Human Biology to the Job
Market. Margot Nelson,
Alumni Association, and
Audrey Bernfield. Human
Biology, coordinators.
23 — Tuesday, location and
time to be announced.
Experience-by-Degrees
Program: Applying a Degree
in Economics to the Job
Market. Margot Nelson,
Alumni Association, coor
dinator.

23 — Tuesday, 7 p.m., location
to be announced. The Re
sume and Cover Letter for
PhD's Exploring Alternative
Careers. See Alice
Branstrom or Edward Es
cobedo at the CPPC to sign
up.
26 — Friday, noon. Centro
Chicano. Latino Business
Society's Corporate Lunch
Series with Xerox. A rep
resentative will discuss,
career and summer oppor
tunities. Attendance limited
to 25. Contact Ruben Rod
riguez at the CPPC, 497-
3967 to sign up.
♦ March ♦
2 — Tuesday, 4:15 p.m.. As
sembly Room, Bechtel In
ternational Center. Interna
tional Consulting Com
panies. Sponsored by Inter
national Career Develop
ment Program, Bechtel In
ternational Center. Nancy
Rogers, Bechtel, coor
dinator.
2 — Tuesday, 7 p.m.. location
to be announced. Interview
ing and Beyond for PhD's
Exploring Alternative
Careers. See Alice
Branstrom or Edward Es
cobedo at the CPPC to sign
up.

4 — Thursday, 4 p.m., Tre
sidder, Room 271. What to
Expect During Second In
terviews. Renee P'ilice,
CPFC, coordinator.
4 — Thursday, location and
time to be announced.
Experience-by-Degrees
Program: Applying a Degree
in Psychology to the Job
Market. Margot Nelson,
Alumni Association, coor
dinator.
♦ April ♦
15 — Thursday, location and
time to he announced.
Experience-by-Degrees
Program: Applying a Degree
in Political Science to the
Job Market. Margot Nelson,
Alumni Association, coor
dinator.
♦ May ♦
11 — Tuesday, 4:15 p.m., Tre
sidder. Room 271. The
Last-Minute Summer Job
Seeker's Workshop. Don't
panic — come hear some
helpful hints on last-minute
summer job-hunting
strategies, as well as infor
mation on SEO resources
you can still take advantage
of. Mary Wolf and Lynne
Mason, CPPC, coordinators.
