# CHAMP LIAR
## 
### 

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)

Verne Osborn, 25, of Centralia,
Wash., was awarded the world's
lying championship of the Bur
lington, Wisconsin, Liars* Club
with his story of how his saddle
mule was so well trained when
they tumbled from a cliff, Osborn
had only to yell "whoa" and the
animal stopped in the air. (Asso
ciated Press photo.)
