# A.S.M.E. MEETS
## 
### 
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
Representatives of the Ethyls Cor
poration will give talks and demon -
| strations on the detonating and non
! detonating of gasoline tonight at i
j meeting of the American Society of
j Mechanical Engineers to be held it
j 7:30 o'clock in room 283.
