# Stanford Man To Give Radio Speech Tonight
## 
### 
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
Dr. Joseph S. Davis, director of
the Food Research Institute at Stan
ford, will speak at 7:30 o'clock to
night from Washington, D.C., over
the Columbia Broadcasting System
on "The A.A.A. and Recovery." His
speech will be in the form of an in
terview, and Charles J. Brand, a
former coadministrator of the Agri
culture Adjustment Administration,
will interview him.
