# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
WANTED—GirI attending school
to do houso work. Address Box
925, Palo Alto.
