# Ex-Stanford Diver Unhurt in Accident
## 
### 
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
Roy Winkelmann, former Stanford
diving ace and member of the All-
American Intercollegiate swimming
teams of '37 and '38, escaped injury
yesterday afternoon when he fell
asleep and drove his car into a
hedge in Atherton.
Winkelmann, Pacific Coast Con
ference diving champion in '37 and
'38, was traveling east on Tusca
losa Avenue in Atherton when the
accident occurred.
