# Starts Speed-Up
## 
### 

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.

ELEVATED to minister of state
without portfolio, Lord Beaver
brook, above, Canadian-born pub
lisher, has started a "speed-up" in
Britain's home front preparedness.
As "assistant prune minister,"
Beaverbrook faces the ta«k of
helping Winston Churchill direct
war policy.
