# TWO KILLED BY TRUCK
## 
### 
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
SALINAS, May 7 (UP).—Victor
Asuncion, 45, and Antonio Martinez,
40, were killed today when a truck
backed over them as they worked in
a lettuce field near Gonzales.
