# PAN-HELL ANNOUNCES
## 
### 
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan-Hellenic announces the pledg
ing of Loralee Smith, '44, to Delta
Delta Delta.
