# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
Tonight at 7 p.m., KZSU will
broadcast the speech
delivered last night by Prof.
Linus Pauling. Pauling spoke
on "The Prevention of
Disease" as part of the
Tuesday Evening Lecture
Series.
