# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
The Daily welcomes ex
pressions of all viewpoints
from readers.
All contributions must be
typed double-spaced on a
57-character line. They
should be sent to Opinions,
The Stanford Daily, Storke
Publications Building,
Stanford, CA 94305.
