# INTERSECTIONALS
## 
### 
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
Stanford will open two-year in
tersectional series against Rict
and Northwestern in 1957.
