# Theta Xi Elections
## 
### 
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
Theta Xi has announced the
following midyear election Je
suits: president, Mike Ropers;
vice-president, John Clark; rush
ing chairman, Chuck Arledge;
work chairman, Dick Price; and
corresponding secretary, Jerry
Bays.
