# Five Students Plead Guilty To Lewd Conduct
## 
### 
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
The cases of the five Stanford
students arrested Thursday night
on misdemeanor charges of lewd
conduct were heard before the
Palo Alto Municipal Court yes
terday for the purposes of plea
and arraignment.
All five pleaded guilty and were
released until a probationary pe
riod report can be made. They
will not be sentenced until the re
port is presented to the judge.
The case of a sixth student, ar
rested on a felonious sex perver
sion charge, was not heard yes
terday. It is expected to appear
on Thursday's court calendar, ac
cording to sources in the Palo
Alto Police Department.
The misdemeanor case of the
Stanford assistant instructor was
also not heard yesterday.
The six students and the as
sistant instructor were arrested
Thursday night in a raid at the
Palo Alto Southern Pacific depot.
The raid culminated a two-week
drive on sex deviates in the Palo
Alto area by the Palo Alto Police
Department.
