# Adv. 19 Page 6
## 
### 
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
a Swingline
Stapler no
bigger than a
pack of gum!
112 ) 8 ; '
SWINGLINE "TOT"
Millions now in use. Uncondi
tionally guaranteed. Makes book
covers, fastens papers, arts and
crafls, mends, tacks, etc. Avail
able at your college bookstore.
SWINGLINE SJCI§S?
"Cub" Stapler $1.29
JSurthzf&rzel inc.
LONG ISLAND CITY, NEW YORK, N. Y,
