# TERMAN HALL ELECTION
## 
### 
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
Terrnan Hall B has announced the
outcome of its recent elections:
Allan Schulz, president; Thomas
Sedgwick and Jack Roberts, social
chairmen; Spiro Staineson, treasur
er; Carroll Morris, athletic chair
man.
