# Photo-Shy Frosh!
## 
### 
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
Quad pictures will be taken of
freshman men today through Wed
nesday.
Encina, Toyon, Stern, Village, and
off-campus freshmen must sign up
for appointments in the Encina lob
by if they want their pictures to
appear in either the Quad or the
Frosh Pictorial.
Freshman women will have their
pictures taken Oct. 17, 20, and 21.
