# Adv. 22 Page 4
## 
### 
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
ONEEL'S
STANFORD BOWL
BREAKFAST LUNCH
DINNER
FOUNTAIN SERVICE
Open D.iily Exccpt Monday
from 7 a.m. till 8 p.m.
Palo Alto
