# King Ibn Sand Wants Arab League Frontier
## 
### 
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
JERUSALEM, Feb. 3 (UP).—Un
confirmed reports from Amman in
Transjordan said today that King
Ibn Saud of Saudi Arabia had asked
Great Britain for two territorial
concessions in the Middle East which
would give Saudi Arabia a common
frontier wit hall member states of
the Arab League.
One concession was said to be a
common frontier with Syria by
means of a "corridor," apparently
through the Palestine-mandated ter
ritory of Transjordan.
The second, it was said, was trans
fer of the Maan and Aquaba re
gions. of South Transjordan, which
were made a part of Palestine-man
dated territory after the Wahhabi
conquest of the Hejaz in 1925, to
Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabian acquisition of Maan
and Aquaba would give the country
a common boundary with Egypt.
