# UN Assembly to Vote On Connecticut Site
## 
### 
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
LONDON. Feb. 3 (UP). —The
United Nations Assembly vote on
the site for its permanent home
should come late this week unless
it is bogged by prolonged debate.
The 35-page report of the site
committee, which recommends the
North Greenwich-Stamford area of
Connecticut, will be circulated
among the 51 delegations tomorrow.
