# Untitled Article
## 
### 
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
No smoking on the Quad —Mrs.
Stanford said it and she meant it
when she said it.
