# Ex-Diplomat To Discuss Russia, Asia
## 
### 
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
"Russia and Asia" will le dis
cussed by Dr. Stefan Osusky, for
mer Czechoslovak ambassador to
France, at the Tuesday Evening Se
ries tomorrow night in the audito
rium of Memorial Hall at 7:30.
"What of Russian policies, of
Asia's future?" will be among the
questions the speaker will discuss
in his lecture.
Dr. Osusky, who holds degrcps.
in philosophy, psychology, and
law, served as .chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the
League of Nations. He was min
ister to the Court of St. James in
1918 and secretary general of the
Czechoslovak delegation to the
Peace Conference in 1919.
In addition, he was delegate to
various international conferences
and to the Reparations Commission
and the League of Nations Assem
bly. The diplomat is author of sev
eral books, including the recently
published "Essential Russia."
