# Inaccessible restaurant in City holds hidden Italian treasures
## 
### Marni Rager 
Iron Horse is not one of San
Francisco's more accessible res
taurants.
But concealed restaurants of
ten hold hidden treasures. Such
is the case for Iron Horse; its
Italian cuisine is certainly worth
the extra navigational effort.
The Carpaccio Manzo, con
sisting of thinly sliced raw beef
spread over the entire plate cov
ered with sundried tomatoes,
capers and a delicious mustard
sauce is an excellent appetizer.
The dish looked just as good on
the plate as it tasted in the
mouth.
One of Iron Horse's specialties
is Cannelloni, a popular pasta

Â©Iron Horse
Italian

dish covering either beef or
cheese. I tried the beef serving,
and although it was delicious,
the rich cream sauce that accom
panied it was a little bit heavy.
Undoubtedly, the best part of
the meal was the salad. The
sliced white mushroom and
Jarlsburg cheese salad was
topped with virgin olive oil,
chives and lemon & balsamic
vinegar. The enormous serving
left little room for the main
course.
Iron Horse boasts a wide va

riety of main courses, though,
including fish, chicken, pasta
and beef. The Austrailian Lamb,
another specialty of the house,
is a superb choice for red meat
lovers. This tender rack is
marinated and delicately dressed
with a sauce of roasted garlic
and fresh rosemary.
Iron Horse's wide selection is
perfect for large groups with di
verse tastes. The restaurant is
able to cater to any type of ap
petite. Add that to its "hidden"
location, and the Iron Horse
could just be the place you're
looking for.

Iron Horse is located at 19
Maiden Lane in San Francisco.
