# Hardcourt Aces Face Birds
## 
### JIM WASCHER 
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
Led by Stanford scoring leader
Claude ferry, Stanford's cagers
will meet the Air Force Falcons
tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in Roscoe
Maples Pavilion. Terry has been
averaging 20.2 points per game
while the Falcons' scoring leader,
guard Tom Blase, averages 12.3
points.
Coming off an 80-68 loss to
Utah last Saturday, the Indians
are looking for a win to carry
them back into Pac-8 competition
next weekend against Cal. Before
their defeats at the hands of
UCLA and USC, Stanford had had
a five game winning streak.
Stanford is now 6-8 for the
season and 2-2 in the Pac-8
Conference while Air Force has a
6-7 record. The two schools are
tied at two games apiece in their
four game series which dates back
to 1967. The Indians won their
last encounter in 1970 by a score
of 90-69.
Those on the Indians' probable
starting line-up are forwards Steve

Shupe and Bob Buell, guards
Claude Terry and Bob Nicholson
and center Mike Mann. This
line-up stands an average of two
inches taller than the Falcons'
probable starters.
Terry passed up Hank Luisetti
on the all-time career Stanford
scoring ledger with his 29 points
against Utah last week. He now
has 1,318 points in his college
career and will almost certainly
pass Arthur Harris (1,327 points)
tomorrow night to move into
third place in the scoring
category. Tom Dose is the all-time
leader with 1,441 points for the
1962, '63, and '64 seasons.
Stanford Coach Howie Dallmar
expressed concern over forward
Dave Frost's back trouble. Said
Dallmar: "We are wondering
whether or not he should simply
sit out the next week or so.
Maybe the rest would do hiin
some good. We need more scoring
across our front line, and I know
he could provide much of it if
healthy."
Dallmar also discussed the

Indians' performance against Utah
last week. He said "we played well
against Utah, except for the last
seven minutes. We shot 68% in the
first half and then missed four
consecutive 'one and one'
situations."
"We had thirteen turnovers in
the Utah game to only four for
them, and that accounted for the
big difference. They took 24 more
shots than we did and out
rebounded us 44-34. We'll be
working hard in those two areas
this week 1 "
