# Scholarship Standards Are Discussed in New Review
## 
### 
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
Should the "human factor" be per
mitted to interfere when dealing with
deficient students? Should there be
separate standards for judging ath
letes and other students engaged in
extra-curricula activities? Are the
scholarship standards, by which stu
dents are now judged at Stanford, un
reasonable.
Professor C. B. Whittier of the Law
department and chairman of the Schol
arship Committee answers these ques
tions in his discussion on "Stanford's
Scholarship Standards" in the Febru
ary lillustrated Review on sale the
latter part of next week.
