# "DON'T SEND ME POSIES" SAYS OREGON TO PAN-HELL
## 
### 
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
UNIVERSITY OF OREGON—"Don't
send me posies" is the cry of the Uni
versity of Oregon Pan-Hellenic Coun
cil, and the campus is agog. Whether:
or not the Oregonians mean to follow"
it up with a plea for shoesies is not
laid bare, but the women say that the
men are put to an unnecessary ex
pense, and that the prevailing styles
do not favor corsages anyhow. The
opposition plays up the thrill which
comes only from opening a box of
flowers, and say that the nosegays add
a touch of color to the most drab
party. No settlement has been made,
but the men are dumbly hopeful.
