# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
I
' 0.mT1.1
You may depend upon our
experienced cleaning ser
vice to give your fine gar
ments the care they de
mand. Agents in nearly
every living group.
STANFORD
CLEANERS
Call 444
