# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
Ohio State University is going to
offer a course in home economics for
men.
