# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

THIS IS BARBARA GREER as Aunt Emma in a scene from Paul Hinde
mith's "There and Back," a musical farce playing with Luigi Dalla
piccola's "Night Flight" at Dinkelspiel Auditorium tonight, Friday
and Saturday. Tickets priced at $2.50, $2.00 and $1.50 are on sale
at Dinkelspiel box office today and tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
