# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.

THIS IS THE PICTURE whose errant caption appeared yesterday
under a shot of Steve Thurlow. Stanford end Guy Roundsaville
stops SJS's fullback, Johnny Johnson, as Al Hildebrand (75) and
Kent Colberg (56) move in, while Chuck Hartwig (77) fights off a
blocker. The Tribe won Saturday, 21 -9.
