# Euphronia Elects Officers.
## 
### 
Important business occupied the at
tention of the members of Euphronia
last evening at their regular meeting.
The subject that was scheduled as the
topic for discussion was, "Resolved,
That all corporations should be com
pelled to take out Federal licenses.'
An impromptu debate upon the Jap
anese question was also held. Assist
ant Professor L. E. Bassett gave an
address upon debating and its essen
tial points as developed at Stanford.
The society elected officers for the
ensuing semester, the choice for pres
ident falling upon A. C. Stelle, '09,
who served in the same capacity last
semester. C. C. Shoemaker, '10, was
elected vice-president, while F. B.
Wood, '10, will act as secretary-treas
urer.
