# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
J M •! lIAjI ±J
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
