# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
las*. AM JI
See Kaiser Aluminum's eyeball
twirling poster on the bulletin
board in the Placement Office.
