# Correction
## 
### 
In Friday's article, "Stigma of to
bacco splits faculty,"The Daily inac
curately reported that the Faculty
Senate decided on Thursday to con
tinue discussing proposed resolu
tion that would bar the tobacco in
dustry from funding University
sponsored research projects at their
next meeting on May 3. Actually, the
Steering Committee will decide at
their meeting tomorrow, when dis
cussions about the resolution will
continue.
In Friday's article, "Stigma of to
bacco splits faculty,"The Daily inac
curately reported that the Faculty
Senate decided on Thursday to con
tinue discussing proposed resolu
tion that would bar the tobacco in
dustry from funding University
sponsored research projects at their
next meeting on May 3. Actually, the
Steering Committee will decide at
their meeting tomorrow, when dis
cussions about the resolution will
continue.
In Friday's article, "Stigma of to
bacco splits faculty,"The Daily inac
curately reported that the Faculty
Senate decided on Thursday to con
tinue discussing proposed resolu
tion that would bar the tobacco in
dustry from funding University
sponsored research projects at their
next meeting on May 3. Actually, the
Steering Committee will decide at
their meeting tomorrow, when dis
cussions about the resolution will
continue.
In Friday's article, "Stigma of to
bacco splits faculty,"The Daily inac
curately reported that the Faculty
Senate decided on Thursday to con
tinue discussing proposed resolu
tion that would bar the tobacco in
dustry from funding University
sponsored research projects at their
next meeting on May 3. Actually, the
Steering Committee will decide at
their meeting tomorrow, when dis
cussions about the resolution will
continue.
In Friday's article, "Stigma of to
bacco splits faculty,"The Daily inac
curately reported that the Faculty
Senate decided on Thursday to con
tinue discussing proposed resolu
tion that would bar the tobacco in
dustry from funding University
sponsored research projects at their
next meeting on May 3. Actually, the
Steering Committee will decide at
their meeting tomorrow, when dis
cussions about the resolution will
continue.
In Friday's article, "Stigma of to
bacco splits faculty,"The Daily inac
curately reported that the Faculty
Senate decided on Thursday to con
tinue discussing proposed resolu
tion that would bar the tobacco in
dustry from funding University
sponsored research projects at their
next meeting on May 3. Actually, the
Steering Committee will decide at
their meeting tomorrow, when dis
cussions about the resolution will
continue.
