# Al White Wins in Chicago Diving Trials
## 
### 
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
AI White, '23, Coach Ernst Brandsten's
latest diving protege, annexed premier
honors in the senior fancy diving cham
pionships held in connection with the
Chicago Pageant of Progress, August 13.
White first came into prominence as a
diver last spring, when he defeated the
Antwerp games champion in national in
door competition. Pinkston, former
champion, was also developed by Coach
Brandsten.
