# Eckart's Class Starts for Hetch-Hetchy Power Plant
## 
### 
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
Professor W. R. Eckart's class in
Hydraulic Machinery and Power Sta
tions started this morning on a three
day trip to Hetch-Hetchy. The class,
about ten in number, will inspect the
power plant, which is a part of the
system owned by the city of San Fran
cisco.
Members of the party plan to return
to the campus Sunday. Hetch-Hetchy
is in the heart of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, about two hundred miles
from Stanford.
