# NOTICE
## 
### 
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
An informal dinner in honor of Pro-1
fessor Douglas H. Campbell will be!
given on Wednesday, June 10, at 6:30'
p.m., at the Stanford Union, by his
students and other friends, both men
and women. No further invitation will
be sent. Those who wish to attend are
requested to forward their names and
checks ($1.25 per plate) to Mrs. R. S.I
Ferris, P. O. Box 128, Stanford Uni- j
versity, by Monday, June 8.

Utah Agricultural College recently!
won the Rocky Mountain Conference I
track title for the second consecutive
year. I
