# Dentist's Daughter Injured While Riding Horseback
## 
### 
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
Jean Little, daughter of Dr. G. B.
Little, Palo Alto dentist, suffered
minor injuries yesterday when thrown
from horseback and pinned to the
ground by the animal as it fell. The
accident occurred between Roble
bridge and the campus.
Miss Little remained pinned under
the horse until help came when she
was taken to Dr. H. B. Reynolds in
Palo Alto.
