# Hall Dance To Feature Frank Wells
## 
### 
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
Featuring a gay spring theme,
Toyon - Branner's annual spring
quarter semi-formal will be open
(o the whole school tonight in the
Toyon lobby. Bids can be obtained
for $1 at either the door or the
A.S.S.U. office.
Frank Wells with his orchestra
will make his first campus appear
ance tonight, with June McDonald
as the vocalist. Wells is fresh from
engagements at the Sir Francis
Drake Persian Room, Mt. Diablo
Country Club, and Treasure Island.
Spring formal attire for the women
and suits for the men will be the
correct dress, announces Don Cam
eron, Toyon president.
Patrons for the dance are Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Rathbun, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Bailey, and Mr. Harold
Bacon.
Richard Lemmon is chairman of
the dance committee, assisted by
Jack Wallace, Karl Thursby, Karl
Fischer, Lee Solomon, and Bill
Walker.
