# A.T.O. PLEDGE
## 
### 
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
lnterfraternity Council announces,
the pledging of Lou Millette, '40, to
Alpha Tau Omega.
