# Miss Mirrielees Writes for "Atlantic."
## 
### 
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
The November issue of the "Atlantic
Monthly" contains a story by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees, '07, of the Eng
lish department. The story, which is
entitled "Perjured," deals with a
young man who tells a falsehood to
prevent the scorning of an opinion
expressed, and is compelled to con
tinue the lie in court where a man is
on trial for murder.
