# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
P. Mogensen Prop.
Phone Palo Alto 54
UNIVERSITY
CREAMERY
Fresh Churned
PASTEURIZED BUTTER
Ice Cream, Pure Milk, Cream
and Buttermilk
209 University Ave,
PALO ALTO, CAL.
MiiiiMaiiiiiiiiiiiiiJiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini
i FORTUNE TAXI I
i i
Phone jp
I i
i ~
■ Special Rates for Trips
and Parties i
a i
tiiiiiiiiiiiliiliiiiiiiifYiliiaii«iiiiiitiiiiiMiiiififiiimiiiu«!iaiiii;im
