# GYMNASIUM CLUB TO HOLD TRYOUTS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
Women's Gymnasium Club will hold
final tryouts for membership this
evening in Roble Gvmnasium at 7:30.
The tryouts consist in tumbling and
pyramid building.
