# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
i ' PHONE 503
TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY,
APRIL 19-20
"TOO MANY CROOKS"
Adapted from the Saturday Eve
ning Post serial story, "Rich,
Man, Poor Man," by Maxmilian
Foster. Featuring Mildred Davis
and au excellent supporting cast.
"HIGH SEAS BLUES"
A Mermaid Comedy
PATHE REVIEW
MBMBiI
