# Dr. J.B. Sears Operated on Saturday for Appendicitis
## 
### 
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
Dr. J. B. Sears of the Education de
partment was operated on for acute
appendicitis last Saturday in the Palo
Alto Hospital. Dr. Sears received a
severe attack Saturday afternoon and
was immediately removed to the hos
pital for treatment. His condition is
reported as excellent following the
operation.
