# Alpha Chi Sigma Schedules Business Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
Alpha Chi Sigma, professional chem
istry society, will hold a meeting at
7:IT o'clock tonight in the Conference
Room of the Chemistry Building. The
program will he devoted to the busi
ness of the club.
