# Adv. 20 Page 5
## 
### 
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
WRA Interviews Tonight
Interviews will be hold tonight
from 7 to 7:30 in the Roble and
Branner lobbies for all freshman
women interested in representing
their dorms as members of the
Women’s Recreation Association
board.
