# CROSSWORD
## 
### 
Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Lewis

ACROSS
1 President of Syria
6 Foreigner, to a
Polynesian
11 Many SSI
recipients
14 Rich kid in
"Nancy" comics
15 K.T. of country
16 Bounce
17 Hit a ball caught
by Ted Williams,
say
19 Future flounders
20 Motorola
smartphone
21 On the line
23 Bar order in a
very small glass
25 Potter's oven
27 Seat of Garfield
County,
Oklahoma
28 "Mazel _!"
29 Outdoor sport
with sticks
32 Rock or horse
follower
34 Firewood wood
35 Bug on the
phone
38 Solo performance
42 Reference
ending
44 Grammar school
sequence
45 Tried to collect
unemployment
benefits, say
50 UPS delivery
51 Polluted Asian
sea
52 The Galloping
Gourmet"
53"... baked in "
54 Garage event
57 Bank holding
59 Short life story?
60 Longtime Cuban
leader
64 Barcelona bear
65 Get a chuckle out
of
66 Showed
dissatisfaction,
fan-style
67 Itch
68 Move to new soil
69 Run through 57-
Across
DOWN
1 Weimaraner
warning

2 San Juan sun
3 Made room on a
crowded bench
4 Heads-up
5 Ignoramus
6 Sweatshirt with a
head cover
7 Syst. with hand
signals
8 Poisonous
flowering shrub
9 Hitchhiker's hope
10 Tolkien's
Treebeard et at.
11 Got smaller
12 Dugout
newcomer
13 Quick
18 Polynesian
carving
22 Computer wonk
23 Stash
24 Kachina doll
maker
26 Me. retailer,
initially
29 Destined
30 Bray beginning
31 Philosopher
William of .
known for his
"razor"
33 Drives away
36 Cavity filler's
org.

37 Paid for
everyone, as the
tab
39 Step stealthily,
informally
40 World Golf Hall of
Famer Isao
41 Swift sled
43 Bar pint
45 Oxymoronically
named British DJ
Slim
46 Poker declaration

47 Coral reef
enclosure
48 Sleeve band
49 Camaro -Z
53 Greek fable
writer
55 Miles away
56 Garnish for a
Moscow Mule
58 Arrests
61 That, in Spanish
62 Bug-eyed TV dog
63 Peculiar

By Jerome Gunderson and Marti DuGuay-Carpenter 5/29/13

Puzzle Solved

(c) 2013 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 5129/13


Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Lewis

ACROSS
1 President of Syria
6 Foreigner, to a
Polynesian
11 Many SSI
recipients
14 Rich kid in
"Nancy" comics
15 K.T. of country
16 Bounce
17 Hit a ball caught
by Ted Williams,
say
19 Future flounders
20 Motorola
smartphone
21 On the line
23 Bar order in a
very small glass
25 Potter's oven
27 Seat of Garfield
County,
Oklahoma
28 "Mazel _!"
29 Outdoor sport
with sticks
32 Rock or horse
follower
34 Firewood wood
35 Bug on the
phone
38 Solo performance
42 Reference
ending
44 Grammar school
sequence
45 Tried to collect
unemployment
benefits, say
50 UPS delivery
51 Polluted Asian
sea
52 The Galloping
Gourmet"
53"... baked in "
54 Garage event
57 Bank holding
59 Short life story?
60 Longtime Cuban
leader
64 Barcelona bear
65 Get a chuckle out
of
66 Showed
dissatisfaction,
fan-style
67 Itch
68 Move to new soil
69 Run through 57-
Across
DOWN
1 Weimaraner
warning

2 San Juan sun
3 Made room on a
crowded bench
4 Heads-up
5 Ignoramus
6 Sweatshirt with a
head cover
7 Syst. with hand
signals
8 Poisonous
flowering shrub
9 Hitchhiker's hope
10 Tolkien's
Treebeard et at.
11 Got smaller
12 Dugout
newcomer
13 Quick
18 Polynesian
carving
22 Computer wonk
23 Stash
24 Kachina doll
maker
26 Me. retailer,
initially
29 Destined
30 Bray beginning
31 Philosopher
William of .
known for his
"razor"
33 Drives away
36 Cavity filler's
org.

37 Paid for
everyone, as the
tab
39 Step stealthily,
informally
40 World Golf Hall of
Famer Isao
41 Swift sled
43 Bar pint
45 Oxymoronically
named British DJ
Slim
46 Poker declaration

47 Coral reef
enclosure
48 Sleeve band
49 Camaro -Z
53 Greek fable
writer
55 Miles away
56 Garnish for a
Moscow Mule
58 Arrests
61 That, in Spanish
62 Bug-eyed TV dog
63 Peculiar

By Jerome Gunderson and Marti DuGuay-Carpenter 5/29/13

Puzzle Solved

(c) 2013 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 5129/13


Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Lewis

ACROSS
1 President of Syria
6 Foreigner, to a
Polynesian
11 Many SSI
recipients
14 Rich kid in
"Nancy" comics
15 K.T. of country
16 Bounce
17 Hit a ball caught
by Ted Williams,
say
19 Future flounders
20 Motorola
smartphone
21 On the line
23 Bar order in a
very small glass
25 Potter's oven
27 Seat of Garfield
County,
Oklahoma
28 "Mazel _!"
29 Outdoor sport
with sticks
32 Rock or horse
follower
34 Firewood wood
35 Bug on the
phone
38 Solo performance
42 Reference
ending
44 Grammar school
sequence
45 Tried to collect
unemployment
benefits, say
50 UPS delivery
51 Polluted Asian
sea
52 The Galloping
Gourmet"
53"... baked in "
54 Garage event
57 Bank holding
59 Short life story?
60 Longtime Cuban
leader
64 Barcelona bear
65 Get a chuckle out
of
66 Showed
dissatisfaction,
fan-style
67 Itch
68 Move to new soil
69 Run through 57-
Across
DOWN
1 Weimaraner
warning

2 San Juan sun
3 Made room on a
crowded bench
4 Heads-up
5 Ignoramus
6 Sweatshirt with a
head cover
7 Syst. with hand
signals
8 Poisonous
flowering shrub
9 Hitchhiker's hope
10 Tolkien's
Treebeard et at.
11 Got smaller
12 Dugout
newcomer
13 Quick
18 Polynesian
carving
22 Computer wonk
23 Stash
24 Kachina doll
maker
26 Me. retailer,
initially
29 Destined
30 Bray beginning
31 Philosopher
William of .
known for his
"razor"
33 Drives away
36 Cavity filler's
org.

37 Paid for
everyone, as the
tab
39 Step stealthily,
informally
40 World Golf Hall of
Famer Isao
41 Swift sled
43 Bar pint
45 Oxymoronically
named British DJ
Slim
46 Poker declaration

47 Coral reef
enclosure
48 Sleeve band
49 Camaro -Z
53 Greek fable
writer
55 Miles away
56 Garnish for a
Moscow Mule
58 Arrests
61 That, in Spanish
62 Bug-eyed TV dog
63 Peculiar

By Jerome Gunderson and Marti DuGuay-Carpenter 5/29/13

Puzzle Solved

(c) 2013 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 5129/13


Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Lewis

ACROSS
1 President of Syria
6 Foreigner, to a
Polynesian
11 Many SSI
recipients
14 Rich kid in
"Nancy" comics
15 K.T. of country
16 Bounce
17 Hit a ball caught
by Ted Williams,
say
19 Future flounders
20 Motorola
smartphone
21 On the line
23 Bar order in a
very small glass
25 Potter's oven
27 Seat of Garfield
County,
Oklahoma
28 "Mazel _!"
29 Outdoor sport
with sticks
32 Rock or horse
follower
34 Firewood wood
35 Bug on the
phone
38 Solo performance
42 Reference
ending
44 Grammar school
sequence
45 Tried to collect
unemployment
benefits, say
50 UPS delivery
51 Polluted Asian
sea
52 The Galloping
Gourmet"
53"... baked in "
54 Garage event
57 Bank holding
59 Short life story?
60 Longtime Cuban
leader
64 Barcelona bear
65 Get a chuckle out
of
66 Showed
dissatisfaction,
fan-style
67 Itch
68 Move to new soil
69 Run through 57-
Across
DOWN
1 Weimaraner
warning

2 San Juan sun
3 Made room on a
crowded bench
4 Heads-up
5 Ignoramus
6 Sweatshirt with a
head cover
7 Syst. with hand
signals
8 Poisonous
flowering shrub
9 Hitchhiker's hope
10 Tolkien's
Treebeard et at.
11 Got smaller
12 Dugout
newcomer
13 Quick
18 Polynesian
carving
22 Computer wonk
23 Stash
24 Kachina doll
maker
26 Me. retailer,
initially
29 Destined
30 Bray beginning
31 Philosopher
William of .
known for his
"razor"
33 Drives away
36 Cavity filler's
org.

37 Paid for
everyone, as the
tab
39 Step stealthily,
informally
40 World Golf Hall of
Famer Isao
41 Swift sled
43 Bar pint
45 Oxymoronically
named British DJ
Slim
46 Poker declaration

47 Coral reef
enclosure
48 Sleeve band
49 Camaro -Z
53 Greek fable
writer
55 Miles away
56 Garnish for a
Moscow Mule
58 Arrests
61 That, in Spanish
62 Bug-eyed TV dog
63 Peculiar

By Jerome Gunderson and Marti DuGuay-Carpenter 5/29/13

Puzzle Solved

(c) 2013 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 5129/13


Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Lewis

ACROSS
1 President of Syria
6 Foreigner, to a
Polynesian
11 Many SSI
recipients
14 Rich kid in
"Nancy" comics
15 K.T. of country
16 Bounce
17 Hit a ball caught
by Ted Williams,
say
19 Future flounders
20 Motorola
smartphone
21 On the line
23 Bar order in a
very small glass
25 Potter's oven
27 Seat of Garfield
County,
Oklahoma
28 "Mazel _!"
29 Outdoor sport
with sticks
32 Rock or horse
follower
34 Firewood wood
35 Bug on the
phone
38 Solo performance
42 Reference
ending
44 Grammar school
sequence
45 Tried to collect
unemployment
benefits, say
50 UPS delivery
51 Polluted Asian
sea
52 The Galloping
Gourmet"
53"... baked in "
54 Garage event
57 Bank holding
59 Short life story?
60 Longtime Cuban
leader
64 Barcelona bear
65 Get a chuckle out
of
66 Showed
dissatisfaction,
fan-style
67 Itch
68 Move to new soil
69 Run through 57-
Across
DOWN
1 Weimaraner
warning

2 San Juan sun
3 Made room on a
crowded bench
4 Heads-up
5 Ignoramus
6 Sweatshirt with a
head cover
7 Syst. with hand
signals
8 Poisonous
flowering shrub
9 Hitchhiker's hope
10 Tolkien's
Treebeard et at.
11 Got smaller
12 Dugout
newcomer
13 Quick
18 Polynesian
carving
22 Computer wonk
23 Stash
24 Kachina doll
maker
26 Me. retailer,
initially
29 Destined
30 Bray beginning
31 Philosopher
William of .
known for his
"razor"
33 Drives away
36 Cavity filler's
org.

37 Paid for
everyone, as the
tab
39 Step stealthily,
informally
40 World Golf Hall of
Famer Isao
41 Swift sled
43 Bar pint
45 Oxymoronically
named British DJ
Slim
46 Poker declaration

47 Coral reef
enclosure
48 Sleeve band
49 Camaro -Z
53 Greek fable
writer
55 Miles away
56 Garnish for a
Moscow Mule
58 Arrests
61 That, in Spanish
62 Bug-eyed TV dog
63 Peculiar

By Jerome Gunderson and Marti DuGuay-Carpenter 5/29/13

Puzzle Solved

(c) 2013 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 5129/13


Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Lewis

ACROSS
1 President of Syria
6 Foreigner, to a
Polynesian
11 Many SSI
recipients
14 Rich kid in
"Nancy" comics
15 K.T. of country
16 Bounce
17 Hit a ball caught
by Ted Williams,
say
19 Future flounders
20 Motorola
smartphone
21 On the line
23 Bar order in a
very small glass
25 Potter's oven
27 Seat of Garfield
County,
Oklahoma
28 "Mazel _!"
29 Outdoor sport
with sticks
32 Rock or horse
follower
34 Firewood wood
35 Bug on the
phone
38 Solo performance
42 Reference
ending
44 Grammar school
sequence
45 Tried to collect
unemployment
benefits, say
50 UPS delivery
51 Polluted Asian
sea
52 The Galloping
Gourmet"
53"... baked in "
54 Garage event
57 Bank holding
59 Short life story?
60 Longtime Cuban
leader
64 Barcelona bear
65 Get a chuckle out
of
66 Showed
dissatisfaction,
fan-style
67 Itch
68 Move to new soil
69 Run through 57-
Across
DOWN
1 Weimaraner
warning

2 San Juan sun
3 Made room on a
crowded bench
4 Heads-up
5 Ignoramus
6 Sweatshirt with a
head cover
7 Syst. with hand
signals
8 Poisonous
flowering shrub
9 Hitchhiker's hope
10 Tolkien's
Treebeard et at.
11 Got smaller
12 Dugout
newcomer
13 Quick
18 Polynesian
carving
22 Computer wonk
23 Stash
24 Kachina doll
maker
26 Me. retailer,
initially
29 Destined
30 Bray beginning
31 Philosopher
William of .
known for his
"razor"
33 Drives away
36 Cavity filler's
org.

37 Paid for
everyone, as the
tab
39 Step stealthily,
informally
40 World Golf Hall of
Famer Isao
41 Swift sled
43 Bar pint
45 Oxymoronically
named British DJ
Slim
46 Poker declaration

47 Coral reef
enclosure
48 Sleeve band
49 Camaro -Z
53 Greek fable
writer
55 Miles away
56 Garnish for a
Moscow Mule
58 Arrests
61 That, in Spanish
62 Bug-eyed TV dog
63 Peculiar

By Jerome Gunderson and Marti DuGuay-Carpenter 5/29/13

Puzzle Solved

(c) 2013 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 5129/13


Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Lewis

ACROSS
1 President of Syria
6 Foreigner, to a
Polynesian
11 Many SSI
recipients
14 Rich kid in
"Nancy" comics
15 K.T. of country
16 Bounce
17 Hit a ball caught
by Ted Williams,
say
19 Future flounders
20 Motorola
smartphone
21 On the line
23 Bar order in a
very small glass
25 Potter's oven
27 Seat of Garfield
County,
Oklahoma
28 "Mazel _!"
29 Outdoor sport
with sticks
32 Rock or horse
follower
34 Firewood wood
35 Bug on the
phone
38 Solo performance
42 Reference
ending
44 Grammar school
sequence
45 Tried to collect
unemployment
benefits, say
50 UPS delivery
51 Polluted Asian
sea
52 The Galloping
Gourmet"
53"... baked in "
54 Garage event
57 Bank holding
59 Short life story?
60 Longtime Cuban
leader
64 Barcelona bear
65 Get a chuckle out
of
66 Showed
dissatisfaction,
fan-style
67 Itch
68 Move to new soil
69 Run through 57-
Across
DOWN
1 Weimaraner
warning

2 San Juan sun
3 Made room on a
crowded bench
4 Heads-up
5 Ignoramus
6 Sweatshirt with a
head cover
7 Syst. with hand
signals
8 Poisonous
flowering shrub
9 Hitchhiker's hope
10 Tolkien's
Treebeard et at.
11 Got smaller
12 Dugout
newcomer
13 Quick
18 Polynesian
carving
22 Computer wonk
23 Stash
24 Kachina doll
maker
26 Me. retailer,
initially
29 Destined
30 Bray beginning
31 Philosopher
William of .
known for his
"razor"
33 Drives away
36 Cavity filler's
org.

37 Paid for
everyone, as the
tab
39 Step stealthily,
informally
40 World Golf Hall of
Famer Isao
41 Swift sled
43 Bar pint
45 Oxymoronically
named British DJ
Slim
46 Poker declaration

47 Coral reef
enclosure
48 Sleeve band
49 Camaro -Z
53 Greek fable
writer
55 Miles away
56 Garnish for a
Moscow Mule
58 Arrests
61 That, in Spanish
62 Bug-eyed TV dog
63 Peculiar

By Jerome Gunderson and Marti DuGuay-Carpenter 5/29/13

Puzzle Solved

(c) 2013 Tribune Media Services. Inc. 5129/13


