# Stanford Men in Philippines.
## 
### 
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
Stanford graduates in the Phil
ippine Islands are, according to a
letter received here, taking a very
important part in their different
professions in the islands. Among
the Stanford alumni mentioned in
the letter are: Dr. Edward B. Cope
land,'9s, who is in the Department
of the Interior at Manila; Charles
H. Squire, '98, is in the Bureau of
Public Lands at Manila; and J. E.
Springer, '00, is attorney for the
Moro Commission. Walton J.
Wood,'ol, is doing a thriving law
business at Colon; R. E. Maynard,
'94, and E. B. Kimball, '95, are
representing a California mining
company in the islands.
