# Adv. 45 Page 11
## 
### 
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
Recycle
The Daily.
Quote of the Day
"We don't want people to
think that Stanford football
isn't as important as the
World Series, because in our
opinion it is."
—Associate Athletic Direc
tor Tom Beckett. See story,
page 12.
