# New Tuition Note Applications Due
## 
### 
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
Women students wishing to renew
their tuition notes must make an
application now and turn it in to
Dean Yost. The same ruling will
apply for men students, applications
being accepted at Dean Bunn's of
fice.
Applications for grants in aid for
next quarter should be obtained
from H. D. Winbigler, secretary of
the Student Aid Commission, in the
Registrar's office. The filled-out
forms may be turned in all next
week. Friday, Nov. 20, at 5 p.m. is
the deadline.
