# SOCCER GAME OFF
## 
### 
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
T odav s Menlo J. C. -Stanf or d
frosh soccer game has been called
off. The varsity and frosh meet
California at Berkeley Saturday.
