# Y.W.C.A. to Hear Noted Traveler
## 
### 
Featuring Miss Dorothy Kaucher
of the San Jose State Speech De
partment as a guest speaker, the
Stanford Y.W.C.A. invites students
to attend their cabinet meeting this
afternoon, announced Janet Mc-
Clanahan, "Y" president.
Miss Kaucher, who has written
several books and many magazine
articles on flying, has been a pas
senger on many "first flights." She
was the first woman to fly on the
China Clipper, first woman to fly
around South America on the Pan-
American Airways, and has visited
Wake, Guam and Australia several
times.
She will talk at the regular "Y"
cabinet meeting at 5:15 in the "Y"
rooms.
The "Y" is also issuing an appeal
for old toys in a drive which will
last till Christmas vacation. "We
are very anxious for all kinds of
toys," said Miss Pat Davidson, sev
retary of the Stanford Y.W.C.A.
"Many girls have toy animals they
used to keep on their beds, and
professors' children living on cam
pus are sure to have discarded
toys."
The toys will be sent to the Com
munity Center in Palo Alto and to
children in Japanese relocation
centers. All toys should be brought
to the "Y" offices.
Fruit picking checks for the
week-ends of October 31-Novem
ber 1 and November 6-7 may be
picked up now at the War Board.
