# S.F. FACES MEAT SHORTAGE
## 
### 
Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

Faced by a meat shortage, butcher William Eorelli is forced to turn
Mrs. L. Button from his empty meat counter hours before the usual
closing time.

