# Admiral Killed
## 
### 

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.

REAR ADM. Daniel J. Callagan,
Chief of Staff to Vice-Admiral
Khormlev in the South Pacific,
has been killed in action. Calla
gan was killed when a Jap shell
scored a hit on the bridge of his
ship as Callagan was leading an
offensive against Jap naval units
which were shielding some of the
transports the Nipponese wished
to land.
