# Ferguson, Porto Co-Captains for Cal
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
California Golden Bears, prepping
for the "Big Game" with Stanford
Saturday, worked out indoors to
day.
Coach Stub Allison said the team
was mentally set and in good phys
ical shape. He named end John
Ferguson and fullback Frank Porto
co-captains for the Stanford game.
