# PHYSICIST TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
Walter R. Hedeman, acting instruc
tor of physics, will spenk on "Me
chanical Computation" at a meeting
of the Department of Physics Jour
nal Club in Room 372 today at 4:15
p.m. Faculty, students, and visitors
are welcome to attend a tea pre-
