# Will Address Y.W.C.A.
## 
### 
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
Mips Edith E. Spencer, '04, will
address the meeting of the Young
Women's Christian Association
tomorrow afternoon at 4:30, in the
chapel. The subject of her address
will he " The World's Work of the
Young Women's Christian Associa
tion." All the women students
interested in this work are urged
to attend the meeting.
