# Musical Clubs Concert.
## 
### 
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
The concert given in Palo Alto
Saturday evening by the combined
Musical Ciubs was pronounced an
excellent one by those who heard
it. The program was considerably
changed from the one that was giv
en in Assembly Hull a few weeks
ago. Specialties were given by
May, '06. and Wilson, '06, and
Stearns, '06, gave the monologues.
The proceeds of the conceit were
just sufficient to meet the expense
of giving it.
