# Kliever To Head '67 Law Review
## 
### 
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
Douglas E. Kliever, a second
year law student from Medford,
Oregon, has been named presi
dent of the Stanford Law Review
for 1966-67.
Kliever graduated with depart
mental high honors in public and
international affairs from
Princeton University, where he
was also elected to Phi Beta Kap
pa.


DOUGLAS E. KLIEVER
