# Zimmerman To Lecture On Anti-Trust
## 
### 
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
Prof. Edwin M. Zimmerman,
on leave from the Stanford Law
School to serve as director of
policy planning for the Anti-
Trust Division of the Justice
Department, will discuss "The
Case for Anti- Trust" at 3:45
p.m. tomorrow in Room 214,
History Corner.
His public lecture highlights
the spring quarter schedule of
the Stanford Law Forum. It is
co-sponsored by the Stanford
Business School Association.
A specialist in anti-trust law
and government regulation of
the economy, Professor Zimmer
man holds A.B. and L.L.B. de
grees from Columbia, where he
was Phi Beta Kappa and a Law
Review member.
After graduation, he clerked
for New York District Judge
Simon H. Rifkind and Associate
Justice Stanley F. Reed of the
U. S. Supreme Court. He came
to Stanford in 1959 after eight
years with Sullivan and Crom
well, a prominent New York law
firm.
