# Grad Autographs Books
## 
### 
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
Peninsula Book Shop, in Town
and Country Shopping Center,
will hold an autographing party
for Thomas Bently, Creative
Writing Fellow at Stanford, Sat
urday afternoon from 2 until 5.
Bontly is the author of ;he re
cent Scribner's release, The
Competitor.
Mr. Bontly's novel is in its
second printing and has been
designated a "Maxwell Perkins
Commerative Novel." It is the
second book so honored by
Scribner's.
The New Yorker, in a review
of Bontly's book this week,
stated "this exceptional first
novel describes a harrowing day
in the life of a 34-year-old shoe
salesman who recognizes the
loveless, lifeless drabness of his

existence and knows he is never
going to make a step towards
happiness, because he doesn't
know where happiness is, and
anyway he is afraid to move, or
even to think of moving."
Bently is at present writing
his Ph.D. dissertation on Henry
James.
