# New Contest Closing Date
## 
### 
The closing date for the
Stanford Prize competi
tion for undergraduates in
fiction and poetry has been
extended to Friday, April
courage more entrants.
Prizes of $150, $100, and
$50 arc available in each
category. Previously pub
lished material is eligible.
Entries in fiction should
be short stories from 2000
to 5000 words long. They
should be typed, double
spaced, and on one side of
the paper only. No more
than two stories may be
submittÂ«*d by a single stu
dent. All poems submitted
should be typed and in
triplicate. Entries will be
collected in Room 9211 of
the Philosophy Building.
The contest was inaugu
rated this year in order to
promote creative achieve
ment among undergradu
ates in the arts and sci
ences. Other categories,
involving essays in human
ities, social sciences, and
natural sciences and work
in drama, art, or engineer
ing, will be open until
varying dates in May. All
undergraduates are eligi
ble to participate in the
contest.
