# SCPV Symposium
## 
### 

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#

H. Bruce Franklin leads the discus
sion at an S.C.P.V. sponsored mating
to discuss plans for protesting the
construction of a napalm factory in
Redwood ( ity. Daily Photo by Conrad Sim#
