# Untitled Article
## 
### 
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
(All unsigned editorials are by the editor; initialed
editorials are by members of the Stanford Daily edi
torial board, and others are signed by the writers.)
