# SUNDAY SERVICE
## 
### 
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
"The Acceptance of History," (the
Fifth Commandment) will be the
topic of Dr. D. Elton Trueblood's
address to the Memorial Church
congregation Sunday at 11 a. m.
Music at the service will be pro
vided by ihe University Choir.
