# Bibler Blooms
## 
### 
Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

Students and faculty who are fans
of "Little Man on Campus" find
Professor Snarl' will have an op
portunity to see more of the car
toons of Dick Bibler today. A col
lection of 87 Bibler cartoons is being
sold at the Cellar and at Engineer
ing corner from 8 to 3. The book
sells for $1.
The cartoon book, which contains
a worm's-cve view of campus life,
is being published by Stanford Uni
versity Press Theta Sigma Phi,

women's honorary journalism fra
ternity, is conducting the sales.
The faculty view of "Little Man
on Campus" is presented in an in
troduction by Jeffrey Smith, asso
ciate professor of humanities and
philosophy, who suggested that the
cartoons be put in book form.
Bibler, a former Stanford student,
has cartoons in 180 college newspa
pers.

(Sec sample cartoon, page 21

