# WRESTLING NOTICE
## 
### 
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
Wrestling classes will begin today
at 4:15 in the Pavilion. All men.
are urged to come out. Varsity
wrestlers and others interested in
making the squad are especially
asked to attend the meeting.
