# J. Knight Allen Appointed To Research Post
## 
### 
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
Dr. J. Knight Allen, an authority
in finance and business economics,
has been appointed a senior econ
omist by the Stanford Pnearch In
stitute, it was announced recently
by Dr. J. E. Hobson, Institute di
rector.
Dr. Allen was associate professor
of finance in the Graduate School
of Business before joining the In
stitute staff. He will continue to
give lectures at the School during
the current quarter in commercial
banking.
With the Institute ho will be con
nected with the Division of Eco
nomics Research, engaged in re
search projects for private industry
and the United States and foreign
governments.
Dr. Allen took bis undergraduate
work at Bj igharn Young University
and holds the degrees of M.B.A. and
Ph.D. in business and economics
from Stanford.


DR. J. KNIGHT ALLEN
—New senior economist
