# Rally Com Names New Appointees
## 
### 
Pally Com has announced the ap
pointment of the following new
freshman and transfer members.
Freshman women—Sally Alabas
ter, Zibbio Bizgard, Bonnie Jean
Bothwell, Janet Burns, Margaret
Cathcart, Shirley Chance, Joan Ir
ving, Jackie Mnrkus, Debby Mor
gan, Liz McCollister, Joy Olsen, El
lie de Vrahnos.
Freshman men—Lawrence Black,
Garry Driggs, Charles Fox, Don
Heydt, Harvey Christensen, Bob
Malouf, Don Paris, Curt Pender
grass, Pete Scott, Tom Sheppard,
Buzzy Thompson, Jack Wennberg.
Transfers — Jane Peterson, Rich
ard Humble.
GRASS FIKi:
A small grass fire on Governor's
Road in back of the girls' hockey
field was quickly extinguished by
Stanford firemen at 4:15 yesterday
afternoon.
