# Fine Heads Hillel; Sets First Meet
## 
### 
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
7'lip nrv officers for the first llf
of Ihe 1W52-53 ye-'ir have I °rn ;ui
nouncpd hy the Stanford Hill").
Elected during sprint; nti;nt(>r, Ihe
officers ; fp: Jack Fiw, president;
Rosemary Orafman fin.'l Joan Bram
r-on. vice-presidents; Both Wolpn,
-ecictary; Phyllis Birnbaum, treas
urer; Sam Fre hm.»n, representative
on Intnrfnith Council; Joan and
Alan Feinberg, representatives at
large.
l't'c: ir'cnl Fine will onll'oe plans
for the cominft year ;it the club's
first meeting, set for Wednesday
evening at 8:30 in tli" Women's
Clubhouse. The new officers have
extended an invitation t'i ail now
and returning Jewish students at
Stanford.
