# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
DINE
AND
DANGE
AT THE
Cardinal Hotel
The finest of food at
reasonable prices
Dancing
Every Saturday Evening
9-12
Music by Ev Young's
Cardinal Orchestra
