# Living Groups at W.S.C. Limited in Dances, Favors
## 
### 
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
Fraternities, sororities, and other
groups at the State College of Wash
ington, may give only three dances a
year, and at these all features and
favors must be foregone. The ruling
-was made that students had to spend
too much money on dancing under the
old, unrestricted system.

The latest fad at the University of
Minnesota is Charlestoning on the ice.
