# FROSH POOR PATRONS
## 
### 
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
Restaurants complain that freshmen
at Ohio University are troublesome
patrons. They blame the men for the
disappearance of silverware and the
women for their slowness in ordering
and for leaving articles.
