# CHARLES TURRILL TO SPEAK ON 'EARLY DAYS OF CALIFORNIA'
## 
### 
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
"The Early Days of California," is
the title of an illustrated address
which Charles B. Turrill will give in
the Little Theatre on Tuesday night,
at 8 o'clock.
Mr. Turrill was intimately associated
with Governor Stanford and with the
early days of the Central Pacific Rail
road project with which the Governor
was concerned, and will be able to
give many interesting sidelights on
his life as well as the early days of
California.
His connection with the railroad pro
ject was especially on the publicity
and literary side. He has an almost
unrivalled collection ;of pictures of
the early California missions, as well
as a great fund of knowledge of early
California days, which he will use to
illustrate his lecture.
Similar addresses on topics of cur
rent interest will be held every Tues
day night in the Little Theatre during
the summer quarter.
