# Speaker Gives Summary Of Recent Conference
## 
### 
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
"Despite the popular belief that the
Washington Conference was character
ized by open diplomacy, the whole work
of the organization was prepared in the
utmost of secrecy with the open sessions
resolving themselves into mere interna
tional oratorical contests," said Profes
sor Yamato Ichihashi before the Cos
mopolitan Club meeting in the Women's
Clubhouse last night, in his brief res
ume of the recent conference of the
World Powers.
"But still, President Harding, in his
speech before Congress, said in part:
'The official report of the American del
egation is a fitting testimonial to that
open diplomacy for which the world has
asked, and the practice of which contrib
uted largely to the success of the con
ference,' " Professor Ichihashi con
tinued.
Regardless of any criticisms of the
diplomats' policies, the speaker showed
how the achievements lead toward a
more peaceful world. He outlined the
most important accomplishments of the
conference.
An open discussion on the Far Eastern
question followed Professor Ichihashi's
talk.
