# Appointed District Attorney.
## 
### 
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
C. H. Crawford, ex-'O3, has been]
appointed district attorney for the
tenth judicial district of Oregon,
which has been newly formed.
Crawford has the distinction of
being the youngest man that has
ever held that office in Oregon, be
ing but 26 years old. While in
college he was registered in the
department of Law. He played
shortstop on the Varsity nine.
