# Chaplain Gardner's Condition.
## 
### 
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
The condition of the Rev. I).
Charles Gardner remains unchang
ed. His temperature still remains
dangerously high, but last night
he rested more easily than he has
since the beginning of the fever.
