# "CHAPARRAL" EDITOR CHOSEN.
## M. Oppenheim, '05, Will Edit the Comic Paper, and C.M. Hadley Will Manage It. 
### 
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
At a meeting of the Chaparral
staff Wednesday M. Oppenheim, '05,
was chosen editor of the comic
paper for next year to succeed D.
M. Reynolds, '05, and C. M. Had
ley, '06, was elected business man
ager to succeed I. C. Ackerman,
'06. Four new men were elected
totheßtaff: C. M. Hadley,'o6, G. G.
Altnow, '06, D. H. Clift, '07, and
0. B. Hyde, '05.
Oppenheim is well known for his
popular cartoon work in the Chap
arral and in last year's Quacl.l
Besides this art work he has writ-j
ten many clever literary sketches.!
He is a law major, registering from!
San Francisco. Hadley, the newj
business manager, has been con-j
nected with the Daily Palo Alto!
for the last two years and has re-j
cently taken up Chaparral work. |
Clift and Altnow are both mem-J
hers of the Sequoia staff and have]
been steady contributors to the!
Chaparral for some time past. O.j
E. Hyde's art work is well known]
by readers of the Chaparral.
