# Dining wins green business award
## 
### KATHLEEN RYOU 
Stanford Dining has gotten the
gold for going green, winning the
first Acterra Award for
Sustainability at a June 7 ceremo
ny honoring environmentally
friendly businesses.
Acterra — a local environ
mentally focused non-profit orga
nization — chose Stanford
Dining for its comprehensive
approach towards sustainability.
Along with using energy-saving
machinery, Stanford Dining buys
organic produce from farms in a
250-mile radius. It has also
teamed up with Peninsula
Sanitary Services to implement a
composting system for all dining
facilities.
Executive Director of Stanford
Dining Rafi Teherian said that fur
ther educating students about sus
tainability is a key part of Stanford
Dining's green efforts.
"Recognizing that our key
stakeholders are the students and
guests we feed every day, Stanford
Dining has launched the education
al campaigns of live Green and Eat
Local," he said in an email to The
Daily. "(We want] to increase
awareness of the important work
that is now being done on campus."
The Acterra Award is not
Stanford's first recognition for its
sustainability initiatives. Three
years ago the University earned a
Green Business Certification from
Santa Clara County for resource
conservation, pollution prevention
and waste reduction.

Contact Kathleen Ryou at kryou(Q
stanfnrd.edu.
Stanford Dining has gotten the
gold for going green, winning the
first Acterra Award for
Sustainability at a June 7 ceremo
ny honoring environmentally
friendly businesses.
Acterra — a local environ
mentally focused non-profit orga
nization — chose Stanford
Dining for its comprehensive
approach towards sustainability.
Along with using energy-saving
machinery, Stanford Dining buys
organic produce from farms in a
250-mile radius. It has also
teamed up with Peninsula
Sanitary Services to implement a
composting system for all dining
facilities.
Executive Director of Stanford
Dining Rafi Teherian said that fur
ther educating students about sus
tainability is a key part of Stanford
Dining's green efforts.
"Recognizing that our key
stakeholders are the students and
guests we feed every day, Stanford
Dining has launched the education
al campaigns of live Green and Eat
Local," he said in an email to The
Daily. "(We want] to increase
awareness of the important work
that is now being done on campus."
The Acterra Award is not
Stanford's first recognition for its
sustainability initiatives. Three
years ago the University earned a
Green Business Certification from
Santa Clara County for resource
conservation, pollution prevention
and waste reduction.

Contact Kathleen Ryou at kryou(Q
stanfnrd.edu.
Stanford Dining has gotten the
gold for going green, winning the
first Acterra Award for
Sustainability at a June 7 ceremo
ny honoring environmentally
friendly businesses.
Acterra — a local environ
mentally focused non-profit orga
nization — chose Stanford
Dining for its comprehensive
approach towards sustainability.
Along with using energy-saving
machinery, Stanford Dining buys
organic produce from farms in a
250-mile radius. It has also
teamed up with Peninsula
Sanitary Services to implement a
composting system for all dining
facilities.
Executive Director of Stanford
Dining Rafi Teherian said that fur
ther educating students about sus
tainability is a key part of Stanford
Dining's green efforts.
"Recognizing that our key
stakeholders are the students and
guests we feed every day, Stanford
Dining has launched the education
al campaigns of live Green and Eat
Local," he said in an email to The
Daily. "(We want] to increase
awareness of the important work
that is now being done on campus."
The Acterra Award is not
Stanford's first recognition for its
sustainability initiatives. Three
years ago the University earned a
Green Business Certification from
Santa Clara County for resource
conservation, pollution prevention
and waste reduction.

Contact Kathleen Ryou at kryou(Q
stanfnrd.edu.
Stanford Dining has gotten the
gold for going green, winning the
first Acterra Award for
Sustainability at a June 7 ceremo
ny honoring environmentally
friendly businesses.
Acterra — a local environ
mentally focused non-profit orga
nization — chose Stanford
Dining for its comprehensive
approach towards sustainability.
Along with using energy-saving
machinery, Stanford Dining buys
organic produce from farms in a
250-mile radius. It has also
teamed up with Peninsula
Sanitary Services to implement a
composting system for all dining
facilities.
Executive Director of Stanford
Dining Rafi Teherian said that fur
ther educating students about sus
tainability is a key part of Stanford
Dining's green efforts.
"Recognizing that our key
stakeholders are the students and
guests we feed every day, Stanford
Dining has launched the education
al campaigns of live Green and Eat
Local," he said in an email to The
Daily. "(We want] to increase
awareness of the important work
that is now being done on campus."
The Acterra Award is not
Stanford's first recognition for its
sustainability initiatives. Three
years ago the University earned a
Green Business Certification from
Santa Clara County for resource
conservation, pollution prevention
and waste reduction.

Contact Kathleen Ryou at kryou(Q
stanfnrd.edu.
Stanford Dining has gotten the
gold for going green, winning the
first Acterra Award for
Sustainability at a June 7 ceremo
ny honoring environmentally
friendly businesses.
Acterra — a local environ
mentally focused non-profit orga
nization — chose Stanford
Dining for its comprehensive
approach towards sustainability.
Along with using energy-saving
machinery, Stanford Dining buys
organic produce from farms in a
250-mile radius. It has also
teamed up with Peninsula
Sanitary Services to implement a
composting system for all dining
facilities.
Executive Director of Stanford
Dining Rafi Teherian said that fur
ther educating students about sus
tainability is a key part of Stanford
Dining's green efforts.
"Recognizing that our key
stakeholders are the students and
guests we feed every day, Stanford
Dining has launched the education
al campaigns of live Green and Eat
Local," he said in an email to The
Daily. "(We want] to increase
awareness of the important work
that is now being done on campus."
The Acterra Award is not
Stanford's first recognition for its
sustainability initiatives. Three
years ago the University earned a
Green Business Certification from
Santa Clara County for resource
conservation, pollution prevention
and waste reduction.

Contact Kathleen Ryou at kryou(Q
stanfnrd.edu.
