# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
T
TTZ7T,
.» -vt IL'
' i rr„;: . )f The Stanford Daily
ji email • . <<3)daiiy Stanford edu
lh' Dai will investigate all legit
T
TTZ7T,
.» -vt IL'
' i rr„;: . )f The Stanford Daily
ji email • . <<3)daiiy Stanford edu
lh' Dai will investigate all legit
T
TTZ7T,
.» -vt IL'
' i rr„;: . )f The Stanford Daily
ji email • . <<3)daiiy Stanford edu
lh' Dai will investigate all legit
T
TTZ7T,
.» -vt IL'
' i rr„;: . )f The Stanford Daily
ji email • . <<3)daiiy Stanford edu
lh' Dai will investigate all legit
T
TTZ7T,
.» -vt IL'
' i rr„;: . )f The Stanford Daily
ji email • . <<3)daiiy Stanford edu
lh' Dai will investigate all legit
T
TTZ7T,
.» -vt IL'
' i rr„;: . )f The Stanford Daily
ji email • . <<3)daiiy Stanford edu
lh' Dai will investigate all legit
T
TTZ7T,
.» -vt IL'
' i rr„;: . )f The Stanford Daily
ji email • . <<3)daiiy Stanford edu
lh' Dai will investigate all legit
