# Adv. 25 Page 9
## 
### 
DONORS WANTED
Are you an African American/
Biracial woman?
Please consider being an Egg
Donor!!! We are a loving,
professional couple seeking an
African American/Biracial woman
to serve as an egg donor and
complete our dream fora family.
For your kindness, time and
participation we will compensate
you $6,000.00. For further
information please contact our
agency to ensure anonymity for
all parties. 866-LAW-4FAM
Caring couple searching for
healthy and education Iranian
egg donor. Compensation is
negotiable. Please contact
541.266.8284 or visit website at
wyvw.g-wtingngyya
Mention ad #173.
Write for The Daily.
DONORS WANTED
Are you an African American/
Biracial woman?
Please consider being an Egg
Donor!!! We are a loving,
professional couple seeking an
African American/Biracial woman
to serve as an egg donor and
complete our dream fora family.
For your kindness, time and
participation we will compensate
you $6,000.00. For further
information please contact our
agency to ensure anonymity for
all parties. 866-LAW-4FAM
Caring couple searching for
healthy and education Iranian
egg donor. Compensation is
negotiable. Please contact
541.266.8284 or visit website at
wyvw.g-wtingngyya
Mention ad #173.
Write for The Daily.
DONORS WANTED
Are you an African American/
Biracial woman?
Please consider being an Egg
Donor!!! We are a loving,
professional couple seeking an
African American/Biracial woman
to serve as an egg donor and
complete our dream fora family.
For your kindness, time and
participation we will compensate
you $6,000.00. For further
information please contact our
agency to ensure anonymity for
all parties. 866-LAW-4FAM
Caring couple searching for
healthy and education Iranian
egg donor. Compensation is
negotiable. Please contact
541.266.8284 or visit website at
wyvw.g-wtingngyya
Mention ad #173.
Write for The Daily.
DONORS WANTED
Are you an African American/
Biracial woman?
Please consider being an Egg
Donor!!! We are a loving,
professional couple seeking an
African American/Biracial woman
to serve as an egg donor and
complete our dream fora family.
For your kindness, time and
participation we will compensate
you $6,000.00. For further
information please contact our
agency to ensure anonymity for
all parties. 866-LAW-4FAM
Caring couple searching for
healthy and education Iranian
egg donor. Compensation is
negotiable. Please contact
541.266.8284 or visit website at
wyvw.g-wtingngyya
Mention ad #173.
Write for The Daily.
DONORS WANTED
Are you an African American/
Biracial woman?
Please consider being an Egg
Donor!!! We are a loving,
professional couple seeking an
African American/Biracial woman
to serve as an egg donor and
complete our dream fora family.
For your kindness, time and
participation we will compensate
you $6,000.00. For further
information please contact our
agency to ensure anonymity for
all parties. 866-LAW-4FAM
Caring couple searching for
healthy and education Iranian
egg donor. Compensation is
negotiable. Please contact
541.266.8284 or visit website at
wyvw.g-wtingngyya
Mention ad #173.
Write for The Daily.
DONORS WANTED
Are you an African American/
Biracial woman?
Please consider being an Egg
Donor!!! We are a loving,
professional couple seeking an
African American/Biracial woman
to serve as an egg donor and
complete our dream fora family.
For your kindness, time and
participation we will compensate
you $6,000.00. For further
information please contact our
agency to ensure anonymity for
all parties. 866-LAW-4FAM
Caring couple searching for
healthy and education Iranian
egg donor. Compensation is
negotiable. Please contact
541.266.8284 or visit website at
wyvw.g-wtingngyya
Mention ad #173.
Write for The Daily.
DONORS WANTED
Are you an African American/
Biracial woman?
Please consider being an Egg
Donor!!! We are a loving,
professional couple seeking an
African American/Biracial woman
to serve as an egg donor and
complete our dream fora family.
For your kindness, time and
participation we will compensate
you $6,000.00. For further
information please contact our
agency to ensure anonymity for
all parties. 866-LAW-4FAM
Caring couple searching for
healthy and education Iranian
egg donor. Compensation is
negotiable. Please contact
541.266.8284 or visit website at
wyvw.g-wtingngyya
Mention ad #173.
Write for The Daily.
