# Injured Are Fast Recovering.
## 
### 
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
The condition of all of the in
jured who were taken to the Guild
Hospital yesterday is greatly im
proved. iSeveral are nearly recov
ered and will he out shortly, and
there is no one whosecondition lihh
become grave. A. W. Frolli, '09,
whom it was feared wasinjuied in
ternally, is very nearly well, and
no evidences of any internal dis
orders have yet been discovered.
