# OFF AND ON
## 
### 
"One shoe off and one shoe 011" must
have been the favorite cradle song of
the blushing frosh who sauntered
down Quad in one old high shoe and
one shiny new, low shoe. We laughing
ly excused the senior who forgetfully
wore one brown and one black shoe
to classes. We kindly make allowances
for the junior girl who absent-minded
ly powdered her nose with her rouge
cake and we pityingly strive not to
notice the many exhibitions of half
demented old age in our sophomores.
But when a tender freshman shows
signs of weakening thus early in the
game we can not be so charitable in
our allowances.
When accused of poor mentality the
culprit defended his pedal apparel on
the ground that in this uncertain
weather it was unsafe to make too
abrupt a change from high to low
footwear.
