# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
Roughs will not be allowed in the
Pavilion at the Prom Friday night
until after the supper dance which
will be at 11:15. This step was ne
cessary on account of the fact that
there will be more than 125 couples
on the floor.
