# Dr. Cubberley Is Given Honorary LL.D. Degree
## 
### 
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
Dr. E. P. Cubberley, head of the Uni
versity Education department, has been
given an honorary LL. D. degree by the
University of lowa, where he attended
the fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the founding of the lowa School of Ed
ucation last week.
Four leading educators in the country
were honored yith degrees at the time
of the celebration. They were: Dr.
Cubberley, Dr. E. L. Thorndike, and Dr.
James Russell of Columbia University,
and Dr. Charles Judd of the University
of Chicago.
