# HANDBALL ENTRANTS MUST SIGN UP TODAY
## 
### 
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
Students or members of the faculty
intending to enter the handball dou
bles tournament must do so today,
announces Charles W. Davis. Partner
ships interested may register by sign
ing the entry list posted on the intra
mural bulletin board in Encina Gym
nasium.
Myron Sprague and Harry Maloney,
winners of last year's competition,
are favored to repeat their perform
ance this year. All matches will be
played on a one-walled court with a
tennis ball.
