# PENINSULA PUBLISHERS PLAN TO HOLD ANNUAL CONCLAVE ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
The second annual meeting of
Peninsula and Bay Region Publishers
will be held at Stanford next Friday
and Saturday. Chester Rowell, and
Tobias Larsen, president of the Cali
fornia Newspaper Publishers Associa
tion, have been asked to speak at a
dinner to be given by the University
Friday night in the Union dining
room.
All of the meetings, the first of
which will be Friday afternoon at
1:30 o'clock in the Little Theatre,
will be in the nature of round-table
discussions. A number of subjects
have been suggested for these discus
sions and among them are the fol
lowing: "Local vs. Foreign News,"
"Community Service —Can It Be Over
done?" "Enterprise and Independence
of the Editorial Page in Its Relation
to Business Policies," "Extra Editions
and Special Pages," and "Coopera
tion for Efficient Production."
Professor J. H. Jackson, of the
Graduate School of Business and as
sociate of Priee-Waterhouse & Co.,
will be another of the featured speak
ers at the meeting.
