# Adv. 40 Page 14
## 
### 
ersonally
There are millions of ways to date on this
campus, yet you rarely do. Stop waving "hi"
from your bike, and take the time to seek out
someone new or to tell that certain someone
that you care. Express yourself, personally.
Person
ersonally
There are millions of ways to date on this
campus, yet you rarely do. Stop waving "hi"
from your bike, and take the time to seek out
someone new or to tell that certain someone
that you care. Express yourself, personally.
Person
ersonally
There are millions of ways to date on this
campus, yet you rarely do. Stop waving "hi"
from your bike, and take the time to seek out
someone new or to tell that certain someone
that you care. Express yourself, personally.
Person
ersonally
There are millions of ways to date on this
campus, yet you rarely do. Stop waving "hi"
from your bike, and take the time to seek out
someone new or to tell that certain someone
that you care. Express yourself, personally.
Person
ersonally
There are millions of ways to date on this
campus, yet you rarely do. Stop waving "hi"
from your bike, and take the time to seek out
someone new or to tell that certain someone
that you care. Express yourself, personally.
Person
ersonally
There are millions of ways to date on this
campus, yet you rarely do. Stop waving "hi"
from your bike, and take the time to seek out
someone new or to tell that certain someone
that you care. Express yourself, personally.
Person
ersonally
There are millions of ways to date on this
campus, yet you rarely do. Stop waving "hi"
from your bike, and take the time to seek out
someone new or to tell that certain someone
that you care. Express yourself, personally.
Person
