# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
Contributions to the Opin
ions Page should be double
spaced on a 62-space line.
Mail contributions to Opin
ions Editor, The Stanford
Daily, Storke Student Publi
cation Building, Stanford, CA
94305.
