# Adv. 24 Page 5
## 
### 
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-210 4spd
See Your Local Volume Dealer
ncw-uscd-flcct-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
