# 'Hindenburg' overblown
## 
### 
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
With the release of The Hin
denburg, a great crime has been
perpetrated on the American
public. Never has any
movie promised so much and
delivered so little.
It could have been a great
movie, had there been any
dramatic conflict. It could have
been a great movie, had director
Robert Wise and Universal been
more ambitious. One would ex
pect more from the company
that's making millions from
Jaws.
Wasted in slow-moving, unin
teresting subplots are Anne Han
croft. Gig Young, Burgess
Meredith, Robert Clary. Peter
Donat and Rene Auberjonois.
The main story of the saboteur
manages to waste Roy Thinnes,
George C. Scott and William
Atherton, no mean feat in itself.
What the film lacks in excite
ment it makes up for in boredom.
There are some half-hearted,
half-baked, half-witted attempts
to explain the ideology of Nazi
Germany and how it affected the
world, but it is as stimulating as
Sominex.
All ofTheHindenburg'saction
moves toward the final sabotage
that actually may have taken
place at Lakehurst, New Jersey,
in May of 1937. When the explo
sion finally comes, the film ab
ruptly switches to black-and
white, and the crash shown is
the actual newsreel footage shot
at the scenes of the crash 40
years ugo!
One would think that if Wise
were going to make a truly spec
tacular disaster movie with his
$15 million budget, rather than
perpetuate the poor image of the
genre, he would have recreated
the disaster in all its colorful
glory.
(The Hindenburg is ploying at
the Pork.)
