# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
A Honey for
Classic Clothes
Is
BARBAZON'S
Prim Fit
A bias top merged with a
straight skirt — good bye
bunching.
Rayon Crepe Ramola.
Petal pink, white, black
and navy.
Short length, 31 to 39.
Medium length, 34 to 44
Price $2.00
\yals-faerfc
355 UNIVERSITY AVE.
