# Huskies Work Out Before Departure
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
SEATTLE, Nov. 3 (U.R)—'The Uni
versity of Washington Huskies, at
full strength, today scrimmaged
lightly in their last workout before
departing for San Francisco, where
they will meet Stanford Saturday.
Coach Ralph (Pest) Welch put the
accent on a number of new plays in
troduced this week and named his
28-man traveling squad at the close
of the session.
