# HURLER WINS TITLE
## 
### 
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
SYRACUSE. N.Y., Nov. 3 (UP).—
Righthander Charles Barrett of the
Syracuse Chiefs, only 20-game win
ner in the International League this
year, was chosen as the circuit's
most valuable player for 1942 to
day.
