# Stanford Day at the Fair.
## 
### 
Tickets for Stanford Day at the
Mining Fair will be free, and can
be had at the Registrar's office by
students who intend to visit the
city tomorrow. Special attractions
will be offered and everything pos
sible will be done to make the vis
iting Stanford contingent feel at
home.
The management has decided to
devote the proceeds of next Mon
day's attractions to the worthy
cause of benefiting the widows and
orphans of sailors killed in the
Maine disaster. The tickets are
twenty-five cents, and are for sale
exclusively at the University Hook
store. These are for Monday, Feb
ruary 28, and should not be con
founded with the free tickets for
Stanford Day, tomorrow.
