# Senior Farce Committee.
## 
### 
President Charles of the Senior
Class has appointed the following
senior farce committee: W. H. Ir
win, W. F. Jordan, G. H. Busch,
H. A. Deuel, N. A. Carle.
President Charles of the Senior
Class has appointed the following
senior farce committee: W. H. Ir
win, W. F. Jordan, G. H. Busch,
H. A. Deuel, N. A. Carle.
President Charles of the Senior
Class has appointed the following
senior farce committee: W. H. Ir
win, W. F. Jordan, G. H. Busch,
H. A. Deuel, N. A. Carle.
President Charles of the Senior
Class has appointed the following
senior farce committee: W. H. Ir
win, W. F. Jordan, G. H. Busch,
H. A. Deuel, N. A. Carle.
President Charles of the Senior
Class has appointed the following
senior farce committee: W. H. Ir
win, W. F. Jordan, G. H. Busch,
H. A. Deuel, N. A. Carle.
