# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25C
FOSITIONG 4
We hnvo been fortu
nate in engaging t.»-o
Stnnip Artist, Mr. J. C.
r,AMI3, late of tbe
Elaussler Studio, San
Jose, who "ill lie here
hut ii short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons io take auvan
tage of t he offer.
Franklin
StOdio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25C
FOSITIONG 4
We hnvo been fortu
nate in engaging t.»-o
Stnnip Artist, Mr. J. C.
r,AMI3, late of tbe
Elaussler Studio, San
Jose, who "ill lie here
hut ii short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons io take auvan
tage of t he offer.
Franklin
StOdio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25C
FOSITIONG 4
We hnvo been fortu
nate in engaging t.»-o
Stnnip Artist, Mr. J. C.
r,AMI3, late of tbe
Elaussler Studio, San
Jose, who "ill lie here
hut ii short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons io take auvan
tage of t he offer.
Franklin
StOdio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25C
FOSITIONG 4
We hnvo been fortu
nate in engaging t.»-o
Stnnip Artist, Mr. J. C.
r,AMI3, late of tbe
Elaussler Studio, San
Jose, who "ill lie here
hut ii short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons io take auvan
tage of t he offer.
Franklin
StOdio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25C
FOSITIONG 4
We hnvo been fortu
nate in engaging t.»-o
Stnnip Artist, Mr. J. C.
r,AMI3, late of tbe
Elaussler Studio, San
Jose, who "ill lie here
hut ii short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons io take auvan
tage of t he offer.
Franklin
StOdio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
FOR
25C
FOSITIONG 4
We hnvo been fortu
nate in engaging t.»-o
Stnnip Artist, Mr. J. C.
r,AMI3, late of tbe
Elaussler Studio, San
Jose, who "ill lie here
hut ii short time, and
we urge our friends and
patrons io take auvan
tage of t he offer.
Franklin
StOdio
Palo Alto
OPEN SUNDAYS
