# Chamber Concert
## 
### 
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
I'he Stanford University Depart
ment of Music will present the sec
ond free public concert in the cur
rent Chamber Music Series at 4
p.m. Sunday in Cubberley Audito
rium.
The program, under the direction
of Professor Sandor Sal go of the
music faculty, will be made up of
works from the Baroque, Romantic,
and contemporary periods.
