# Senate meeting
## 
### 
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
The ASSU Senate will hold its
last meeting ot the quarter to
night at 7 in CERAS Rm. 204.
The agenda includes a pre
sentation of new senate pro
cedures and the election of a
parliamentarian.
The meeting is open to all
students.
