# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
Tonight, KZSU will broadcast
live the speech of
conservative columnist-author
Russell Kirk and the panel
discussion which will follow.
7 p.m. - Consumer Call In:
call 328-2000
8 p.m. - Russell Kirk's
speech
