# Lyman Reveals Changes In Computer Management Here
## 
### 
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
President Richard W. Lyman
Tuesday announced a significant
change in the management of
general purpose computers
operated by the University with
the establishment of the Stanford
Center for Information
Processing.
Charles E. Dickens will serve as
director, with Michael M. Roberts
as deputy director.
The new organization will be
responsible for the operation of
the major general purpose
computer center presently at the
Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center, Medical Center, Encina
Hall, and the Campus computer
facility at Pine Hall.
All the individuals presently
assigned to these facilities will
comprise the initial staff of the
new organization, which will
provide a single focus for planning
the most cost-effective use of
these University resources in the
future.
The new organization was
recommended to Lyman by Vice
Presidents Robert R. Augsburger,
Kenneth Cuthbertson, William
Miller, and Clayton Rich. The
center will provide support for a

broad spectrum of University
programs, including research,
instruction, operations, and
management.
The Center will report to
Provost Miller in view of his
special qualifications in the
computer area and will operate
under the general guidance of the
vice presidents.
A key feature of the new
organization, suggested by the
vice presidents, will be that one of
the top two individuals have
significant experience with
scientific computing, while the
other will have significant
•management information system
experience.
Besides Dickens at SLAC and
Roberts for the Administrative
center, associate directors will
include Victor H. Barber, Medical
Center; T. David Phillips, Campus
center; A.H. Epstein, library
automation project; Edward
Williams, systems software; and
M.D. Ray, hardware operations.
The center will have advisory
committees for both technical and
program matters to assure an
appropriate voice from user
constituencies in setting policies

and priorities.
Provost Miller noted that a
number of study committees and
special task forces worked on
proposals for the new center. He
expressed the University's
appreciation for their work while
discharging them from further
responsibility.
In a related action, the
University administration is now
preparing recommendations for
consideration by the Board of
Trustees that Stanford acquire a
new computer to be used jointly
by the University Hospital and
Medical School.
