# Sharpshooter
## 
### 

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)

JACK HUPP. ACE Trojan
forward, will be competing
with Hank Luisetti tomorrcw
night for Coast scoring hon
ors. (A.P. Photo)
