# TO HONOR MITCHELL
## 
### 
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
Dr. John Pearce Mitchell, regis
trar, will be the honor guest at a
luncheon to be given by the Stan
ford Club of New York, Friday,
January 24, in the Empire State
Building.
