# Cold Winter Lashes Middle America
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
CHICAGO, Jan. 22 (A I ).—Winter
lashed middk America with the
starkest cold in many years tonight
—shattering a number of records
that had stood since pioneer days.
The frigid wave rushed through
the northwest on the winds of a 40-
mile gale, enveloped the Midwest
and flung toward the East with
amazing speed.
A dozen persons perished in cold.
Blizzards paralyzed traffic in some
states. Many schools closed. Scores
of roads were blocked. Several
trains were imprisoned in the wind
whipped drifts.
