# Leader of Harvard Glee Club Refuses U. C. Offer
## 
### 
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
University of California, April 5.—
(P.I.P.) —Dr. Archibald T. Davidson,
director of the world renown Harvard
glee club, has refused the offer extended
to him by the Executive committee to
organize a glee club here. Applications
from other Eastern leaders will now be
considered.

Two students comprised the first
graduating class at Cornell College,
lowa. They later married each other.
