# Library Receives Books From Czecho-Slovakians
## 
### 
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
"Reports and Documents of the Na
tional Assembly of the Czecho-Slovak
Republic," complete from the founda
tion of democracy, and the proceed
ings of the Landtag of Bohemia from
1008 until 1914 were received a few
days ago by the Hoover War library.
Several cases of books on the his
tory of Czecho slovakia came at the
same time. Among these is included a
volume of the speeches of Benes, pres
ent prime minister of the republic,
which dates back to the beginning of
/lie statesman's career.
