# Sequoia Club Sponsors Program for Music Club
## 
### 
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
Sequoia Club is sponsoring a musi
cale which will be given by the Stan
ford Music Club April IS at 7 o'clock
in the Sequoia lobby. Arrangements
for the evening are being handled by
Elwyn Bugge.
