# OFFICIAL STANFORD DELEGATES NAMED FOR EAST CONCLAVE
## 
### 
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
Dr. Harry Barrett Learned, acting
professor of history for next winter
quarter, and Professor E. A. Cottrell,
of the Political Science department,
who is on Sabbatical leave, will be
tlie official Stanford delegates to the
thirtieth annual meeting of the Ameri
can Academy of Political and Social
Sciences. The conference will be held
in Philadelphia May 14 and 15, and the
general topic for discussion will be
"The United States in Relation to the
European Situation."
Norman H. Davis, a graduate of
Stanford in the class of 1900, and for
mer Under-Secretary of State, will pre
side at the Friday afternoon meeting.
The question to be considered at that
time is "The Effect of the Debt Situa
tion upon Europe's Relations with the
United States."
Herbert Hoover, '95, Secretary of
St»ti»7 is a vice-president of the asso
ciation.
