# Adv. 13 Page 5
## 
### 
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
New Weaves jf^K
i nt/L •-' i|,
FABRIC n® !
S i '
(AND UP) X.. .V
New Fall fabric gloves arc hand-outs in
quality! Clever weaves resemble leather,
new ribs and wool textured fabrics have
that brand new look. Wide range of
colors.
Wa Is ter 's
