# Adv. 4 Page 4
## 
### 
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
PUBLIC NOTICE!
You need not' go to
San Francisco to get your
RCA VICTOR RADIO or
RADIO PHONOGRAPH.
We carry at all times ev
ery RCA model, including
the famous D 22 at $695.
Also Strombcrg Carlson,
Crosley, and Emerson Ra
dios.
HAGE'S
Stanford Music Shop
266 University P.A. 8315
