# WEBSTER OPENS FOURTH MEETING OF CHEER KINGS
## 
### 
"Good will is the foundation of all
intercollegiate relations," declared
Scott Webster, Stanford yell leader,
at the fourth annual convention of
the Pacific Coast Association of Yell
Leaders which took place in Toyon
Hall yesterday. Webster and twelve
other yell leaders and Rally Commit
tee chairmen of Pacific universities
held an all-day conference dealing
with the problems of organized root
ing and rallies.

"Perhaps the greatest work of this
year's meeting," continued Webster in
summing up the day's work, "lihs
been our exchange of ideas on the
scope and duties of the Rally Com
mittee.
Yell leading in the West was de
clared to be much more dignified than
the crazy antics of the Eastern cheer
leaders. Organized rooters' stunts
with the aid of colored cards is an
other peculiarly Western institution.
The following men attended the
convention: University of Southern
California, Paul Wood and Gordon
Peace; University of California at
Los Angeles, Stanley Jewell and Spud
Moore; University of Santa Clara,
Frank Shippert; Occidental College,
Bill Freeman and Bob Donaldson; St.
Mary's College, Ed Neassa; Whittier
College, Joe Reigland, Calvin Smith,
Bob Tomlinson; and Stanford Univer
sity, David Jacobson and Scott Web
ster.

No meeting place for next year's
convention will be chosen until after
the 1929 football schedule is formu
lated.
