# TRYOUTS FOR DAILY STAFF STILL OPEN; FORTY-ONE REPORT
## 
### 
All those who wish to try out
for the Stanford Dally and were
unable to be present at the meet
ing yesterday, may attend a
meeting of all tryoutees tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Daily office
next to the Press Building.
Thirty men and eleven women
reported at the meeting yester
day, but there is opportunity for
more to try out. New tryoutees
will suffer no handicap by begin
ning a day later. No previous ex
perience on high school or junior
college publications is required.
Tryoutees will do work in
covering beats, reading proof,
and clipping exchanges. Promo
tions will be made according to
the quality of the work done, the
thoroughness shown in covering
beats, and the number of hours
spent in the office.
