# MANAGERS PLAN FOR WOMEN'S SPORTS DAY
## 
### 
The managers of women's hockey,
swimming, tennis, and archery met
yesterday at the women's gym with
Helen Masters Bunting, head of the
Physical Education Department, and
Mary Edith Jones, manager of the
next Triangular Sports Day, to dis
cuss plans for the sports day which
is to be held at Mills College Novem
ber 10. Caroline Selden will take
charge of the hockey enrollments,
while Helena Davidson will have the
tennis, Lucy Ritter the archery, and
Phyllis Linscott the swimming.

The Triangular Sports Day is held
annually with Mills and California
women. Transportation will be pro
vided for the Stanford women. The
program of the day will be announced
later, but it has been definitely de
cided that there will be athletic com
petition in hockey, swimming, tennis,
and archery.
