# James W. McBain Will Give Chemistry Lecture
## 
### 
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
Dr. James W. Mcßain, professor of
physical chemistry at the University
of Bristol, England, will speak this
evening in Room 20 of the Chemistry
building on "The States of Matter
Exemplified by Soap and Its Solu
tions." The lecture, which is illus
trated, begins at 7:30 o'clock.
Dr. Mcßain, who has been visiting
professor of chemistry at the Univer
sity of California for the past six
months, is a lecturer of international
reputation.
