# Stanford to Battle California on Ice
## Cardinal Hockey Enthusiasts to Confer With U.C. Representatives 
### 
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
Representatives of Stanford hockey
enthusiasts will journey to Berkeley
this coming week-end to enter into
preliminary negotiations for a three
match intercollegiate series to be
staged following the close of the foot
ball season, in San Francisco.
Over a dozen Stanford ice-players
opposed an all-star club aggregation
at the Winter Garden rink, Sunday.
Although many of the Cardinal skaters
had not skimmed the ice for years,
they succeeded in holding off their op
ponents.
Wii.h a rink and all accesboiles ot
tered free of charge ?n San Francisco,
with a dozen crack Cardinal artists,
and the possibility of intercollegiate
matches looming big, it is evident that
ice-hockey will come into its own
with a bang, before the end of the
year. A Stanford-California contest in
i San Francisco on the eve of a big in
tercollegiate event should draw well.
D. C. Upp, '18, and Lincoln McCor
mack, '18, will go to Berkeley this
week-end to interview Blue and Gold
skaters.
