# Maloney Is Reported To Be Olympic Choice
## 
### 
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
In commenting upon the report in the
San Francisco morning papers that lie
ha»l been chosen coach of the American
track team in the Olympic games. H.
Wilfred Maloney, coach of the varsity
track team said this afternoon that he
had received no word of the appoint
ment and, as far as he knew, no choice
had been made by American officials as
vet.
