# New Men Appointed To Teach Languages
## 
### 
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
The appointment of two new mem
bers of the teaching staff of the Ro
manic Language Department for the
summer quarter was announced this
morning, in addition to the names con
firmed for other departments by the
Hoard of Trustees last week. Pro
fessor Pierre Joseph Frein. head of
the Department of Romanic Languages
at the University of Washington, will
teach French. Professor Frein left
Stanford in 1904. Felipe DeSetien,
recently an instructor here, but now
at the University of Southern Cali
fornia, will re-enforce the Spanish
teaching staff.
