# NOTICE!
## 
### 
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
Candidates for degrees in April,
other than Bachelor of Arts, must re
port immediately at the Registrar's
Office.
