# THE 						CHINESE QUESTION
## 
### 
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
You of course have heard all those things that Con
fucius says.
So has his son, who says: "Pop, you talk too much."
