# Lightly and Politely
## FROZEN ASSETS 
### DOUG JAQUES 
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
Bull Session yesterday covered fully the political
and philosophical aspects of the Young Harris College
ban 011 drinking, carousing, and holding hands, above
all holding hands.
But looking at the students themselves, looking at
them objectively, I would say that Young Harris Col
lege students must be as cold as the Finns and twice
as needy.
+ * * #
