# PLEDGES ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
Inter-fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Scott McLaren, '43,
to Theta Chi; Norman Ortman and
Marty Seaver, '41, to Delta Chi, and
Jim Thurmond '42, to Delta Tau
Delta.
