# Biology Offers 12 Scholarships
## 
### 
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
The biology department of Stan
ford University is offering 12 Henry
Newell scholarships for the academic
year 1940-41, and three for the
summer quarter.
Four of the scholarships which are
awarded for the autumn quarter are
available for students entering Stan
ford as undergraduates. Applications
close May 1. The other eight are for
undergraduate students already en
rolled in Stanford. Applications for
these must be in by April 15. Each
of these scholarships is for the sum
of $350.
The special summer quarter schol
arships are for Utah teachers and
are for the sum of $200.
Awards are on a competitive basis.
Excellence of work and need of aid
ate taken into consideration. Utah
applicants will be given preference.
Blanks* may be obtained from the
scholarship secretary of Stanford
University.
