# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Owing to circumstances entirely
beyond our control, we are unable
to publish today a synopsis of Fri
day evening's lecture. Only those
who misled the opportunity of hear
ing Dr. Haweis will be the losers.
Owing to circumstances entirely
beyond our control, we are unable
to publish today a synopsis of Fri
day evening's lecture. Only those
who misled the opportunity of hear
ing Dr. Haweis will be the losers.
Owing to circumstances entirely
beyond our control, we are unable
to publish today a synopsis of Fri
day evening's lecture. Only those
who misled the opportunity of hear
ing Dr. Haweis will be the losers.
Owing to circumstances entirely
beyond our control, we are unable
to publish today a synopsis of Fri
day evening's lecture. Only those
who misled the opportunity of hear
ing Dr. Haweis will be the losers.
