# FRIDAY
## 
### 
Sprague and Co. — Led by third
baseman Ed Sprague, who leads
the team in homers with 12, the
Cardinal baseball team begins a
three-game Six-Pac series tonight
in Tucson against the Arizona
Wildcats. Page 3
The show must go onl — Despite
Roble closing and its residents
scattered to the wind, the annual
Roble Musical survived. "The Im
portance of Being Earnest" will be
performed at 8 p.m. Saturday in
the Sterling Quad Performance
Center. Page 9
Going clubbing this weekend _
The golf team hosts the Stan
ford/Bekins U.S. Intercollegiate
Tournament at the golf course
today and tomorrow. Page 13

Reminder: The Daily editorial
board will interview those who
have signed up to seek The Daily's
endorsement today Please be on
time.
