# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
CLASSIFIED ADS
$1.50 for 2 lines Storke Student
for 2 weeks Publications Building
