# FRATERNITIES ADOPT NEW RUSHING SYSTEM
## 
### 
At a special meeting of the Inter
fraternity Conference on December 18
a new system of rushing was adopted
to hold for the next two quarters. No
restrictions will be placed on fraterni-.
ties other than those enforced by the
University, namely, that there will be
no off-campus rushing (Palo Alto being
considered on-campus), and no men will
be pledged before registering in the Uni
versity.
The change to a simpler system was
thought advisable for several reasons.
The majority of houses are nearly full
as a result of the fall pledging; few
freshmen are expected to enter the win
ter and spring quarters; and new regu
lations will have to be made next fall,
anyway, to suit the changed housing con
ditions for freshmen. Many suggestions
were made by fraternities, but this was
accepted as a compromise. The plan has
the approval of President Wilbur.
