# Professor Alfred Coester Returns From Convention
## 
### 
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
Professor Alfred Coester has returned
from Los Angeles, where he attended the
annual meeting of the American Asso
ciation of Teachers in Spanish, of which
organization he is secretary-treasurer.
Professor Coester was invited by this
national body to speak as its representa
tive before the convention of Foreign
Trade Council in New Orleans next.
April. This council, led by James J.
Farrell, president of the United States
Steel Corporation, is an organization of
the business men of the United States
interested in the export trades.
