# Washington Law Professor At Stanford This Quarter
## 
### 
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
Professor Lesley J. Ayer.of the law
department of the University of Wash
ington, has been appointed acting pro
fessor of law for the winter quarter.
Professor Ayer will give courses in
agency and suretyship. He is a grad
uate of the University of Chicago law
school.
