# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
Cap and Gown announces the
election of the following senior
women:
Pearl Bundick
Grace Brown
Mabel Jones
Mary Learnard
Kathryn Beswiek
