# VICKERS MAY BE NEW GOVERNOR'S SECRETARY
## 
### 
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
Joseph K. Vickers, '12, a Los An
geles attorney, is to be incoming Gov
ernor Richardson's private secretary
according to a story sent out from
Sacramento. Richardson takes office
January 8 as governor of California.
Vickers is associated with Kimpton
Ellis in the practice of law in Los
Angeles. He was a lieutenant in the
army during the recent war.
