# EIGHT PERSONS INJURED WHEN FLYER IS DERAILED
## 
### (By United Press 
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
MACON, Ga., Jan. 2. —Eight persons
were injured, three seriously, when
the Dixie Flier of the Central of
Georgia Railway was derailed near
here early today.
A broken rail is believed to have
caused the wreck. Seven cars left the
track and turned over in the ditch.
