# QUAD WANTS POETRY, ART, FROM STUDENTS
## 
### 
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
Student poets and silhouette art
ists are in demand tor the I'JIiO
Quad is the report, that conies from
the editorial office of the Quad. In
this year's book, colored etchings
arc to be featured and poems are
needed to accompany them.
Silhouettes of a," semi-comic na
ture will also be among the origi
nal works published in the Quad,
and all students who do this work
are asked to report to the Quad
editorial office in the Press Build
ing any afternoon or evening.
