# Padre of Rains III
## 
### 

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death

Father Jerome S. Ricard, astron
nmcr of Santa Clara, Cal., univer
sity is reported near death
