# REPORTERS TO MEET
## 
### 
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
New nitimbers of the Daily staff
will meet, in the Daily office at
7 o'clock tonight.
