# STANFORD DAMES
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
The Stanford Dames reading group
will hear Mrs. R. E. Marsell review
"Days Without End," by Eugenu
O'Neill, at the home of Mrs. H.
Wheeler, 455 Fernando, this after
noon at 3 o'clock.
