# Giant Golden Gate Bridge Pylons Rise
## 
### 

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.

A strikingly beautiful picture of the San Francisco pylon, located at Fort Point, of the rapidly rising
Golden Gate bridge which will span San Francisco bay. The Marin tower of the structure can be seen in
the background. Photo copyright by Pacific Portland Cement Co.
