# Tryouts Start Next Week For Quad Editorial Staff
## 
### 
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
Editor Al Sadler issues the call
for editorial staff tryoutees to all
freshmen interested. The first meet
ing will be held at 7:30 o'clock on
Tuesday evening, February 27, in the
Quad offices on the second floor of
the Press Building.
Experience is offered in office
work, copy reading, writing, and
book planning. Previous experience
in yearbook work is not necessary.
