# New Officers Named For Student Engineer Society
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
At a meeting of the Stanford Stu -
dent Branch of the American Society
of Mechanical Engineers held las!
Friday, William Marchant was re
elected chairman, while Robert Jel'-
fry was retained as treasurer. New
officers are James Clyne, vice-chair
man, and Robert JofTry, secretary,
