# BELLIGERENT MUSSOLINI?
## 
### 

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.

Political circles in London were bu/zing yesterday over Premier Mus
solini's next move concerning the Austrian situation. II Duce is opposed to
German intervention and is trying to keep Fascism and Nazism as far apart
as possible. English leaders feel that Italy's foundation of foreign policy
will crumble if either Germany or France gets control of Vienna.
