# SIDELINE SLANTS..
## WILDCAT POLOISTS VISIT FARM 
### 
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
Arizona's famous squad of polo
players pay a visit to the Farm dur
ing the coming holiday t*o meet the
Stanford horsemen in the series that
is supposed to settle unofficially the
Western collegiate polo champion
ship. No such title actually exists,
but the two schools are noted for
their outstanding polo teams and are
generally conceded to have the best
.squads in the West.
The Indian players, especially, may
be complimented for the heights they
have reached as it is done almost en
tirely on their own initiative, polo
being Stanford's "poor orphan." The
players foot the bills themselves and
even the coach is an army officer not
hired for the express purpose of
leaching the sport as are other
coaches. Stanfordites unfamiliar with
the game, as fast and as an exciting
one as is known, might do well to
get acquainted with it tomorrow and
Saturday.
