# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
RUSSOBURGER rA
SANDWICH . . . DUC
A MEAL IN ITSELF
The-Talk-of-The
Peninsula
THREE OWLS
1836 El Camino Real
Redwood City
EM 6-7463
"ONCE MORE.
MY DARLING"
with Robert Montgomery
and Ann Blyth
"YES, SIR, THAT'S
MY L.ABY"
with Donald O'Connor
and Cloria DtHaven
HHMHHMBMBBBHBi
