# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
In their first two games of the
current season UCLA's top three
passing backs, Johnson, Nagel, and
Schroeder, completed 68 per cent
of their passes.
