# MUST ASK PERMISSION TO USE ROOMS AT NIGHT.
## 
### 
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
Student or other organizations de
siring the use of university buildings
for evening meetings are requested to
make application to the President's
office. Special arrangements for lights
and janitor service make notification
necessary. If the organizations con
tinue to disregard this request, the
rooms no longer will he at their dis
posal.
