# Glee Club Plans Dance.
## 
### 
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
Programs are being started for he
annual (Jlee Club dance, which is dated
for October 4, at the Armory. The
function promises to lie one of the
most, successful affairs of the semes
ter. and will be featured by a varied
musical program and some high class
comedy stunts, which will lie rendered
by the (llee Club.
The music will be furnished by J. L.
McDonald's college orchestra. The
proceeds will be used to help defray
the expenses of the (llee Club's trip
to Vancouver during the Christmas
vacation.
