# Freshman Debating Squad Will Practice Tomorrow
## 
### 
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
The freshman debate squad will hold
a meeting tomorrow night in Encina
hall. Under the leadership of their
coach, Bert Levit, they have been pre
paring for the practice debates that
will decide which two are to represent
their class against California in the
spring. The squad now has twelve men
who will be selected on the basis of
their showings in various trial debates
being arranged.
