# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
The Coffee House
Presents
DEBBIE
FREEDMAN
Folk/Blues Singer
3 pm this Sunday
Q^ylore
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
Stanford Students
Save 20%
Carhile
J JEWELER®
535 Bryant Street
Qowntown Palo Alto
323-2834
