# WORLD RECORD
## 
### 
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
Bud Held of Stanford holds the
world record for the javelin
throw with a mark of 263-10.
