# Democrats Invited To Berkeley Party
## 
### 
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
All Stanford Democrats are in
vited to attend a cocktail party
sponsored by the California
Young Democrats this evening at
1415 Spruce Street in Berkeley.
