# Watterson Speaks To Seminar Today
## 
### 
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
Dr. Ray L. Watterson of the De
partment of Zoology at the Univer
sity of California will be guest speak
er at the School of Biological Sci
ences Seminar today in Room 430 of
Jordan Hall.
Dr. VVatterson's topic will be "Re
cent Evidence Concerning the Mi
gration of Pigment Cells into Feather
Germs." The seminar will begin at
4:15, and will be preceded by tea at
4. Faculty, students, and visitors are
welcome.
