# Jap Forces Launch Big Scale Attack
## 
### 
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
SOUTHEAST ASIA H.Q.. KANDY,
Ceylon (UP) — Japanese forces
launched savage big scale attacks to
day on the Bay of Bengal and Mani
pur fronts, while the full force of
monsoon rains and desperate enemy
resistance slowed the allied troops
driving for three big enemy bases in
northern Burma.
It was suggested here that the
Japanese, in their attacks, were try
ing to force a diversion of troops
from northern troops, and end allied
hopes of maintaining their offensive
despite the rains.
