# Adv. 5 Page 4
## 
### 
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
The Itnih will run a financial
aid forum Tuesday. May 9
Graduate stipends are not being
increased, work study is being
cut in half, and the future of
guaranteed student loans is un-
