# Final Senate meeting
## 
### 
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
The ASSU Senate will hold its tinal
meeting tonight at 7 p.m. in room 75 at
the Business School. All old and new
senators must attend, and the public is
especially invited. University Presi
dent Donald Kennedy will address the
Senate.
