# Photo Party
## 
### 
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
It's party time tor photo again, and
again, and again. All Daily photogs
are formally invited to a mildly wild
party this Friday at an undisclosed lo
cation. Featured attractions will in
clude Omar and his obese elephant
trainer, Flip Wilson, and a very large
cup of bubbling hot water. RSVP at
327-8610 or 329-8950 (leave name and
number) by midnight Thursday.
BEWARE.
