# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Markus, Min
neapolis, Minnesota, announce the
engagement of their daughter Sheila
ffae to Milton Cohen, El Toro, Vl.
