# Formosa to Be Topic At Public Affairs Lunch
## 
### 
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
"Should the United States Defend
Formosa?" will be the topic at the
Public Affairs Luncheon this noon
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Carl Stover of the Political Sci
ence Department will moderate the
discussion. Lunch will be 30 cents.
