# Tuesday Night Lecture Is Postponed This Week
## 
### 
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
The entertainment scheduled for next
Tuesday evening in the Little Theater
has been postponed on account of the
influenza. Professor Bassett, who is
in charge of the program for Tuesday
evening meetings, says the meetings
will he resumed as soon as the Spanish
influenza epidemic is completely over.
