# Winbigler to Talk At Mothers' Club
## 
### 
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
Mrs. Egbert Laub, president of
the Palo Alto Mothers' Club ol
Stanford, and H. Donald Winbigler,
dean of students, will be the speak
ers at the November meeting of the
Stanford Mothers' Club of Southern
California.
The meeting will be held at 2:30
p.m. Friday in Barker Brothers
Auditorium and will be followed by
a tea honoring the mothers of new
students.
