# Soccer Team Hosts Broncos
## 
### 
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
Stanford's improving soccer team
hosts the Santa Clara Broncos for
the second time this year at 3:30
this afternoon on the soccer field.
The Indians will be favored to win
their first game of the season by
whipping the Broncs, who tied them
earlier 2 to 2.
A big lift to the Indian hopes is

the almost disapperance of the in
jury list.
The Broncos have also shown im
provement over their early-season
form, but Coach Graham definitely'
feels that Stanford should climb out
of the league cellar today with its
first win of the year.
