# ABSENTEE VOTERS
## 
### 
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
Application forms for California
absentee ballots may be picked up
at the ASSU office any time today
or tomorrow. They arc due at
county registrars' offices through
out the state no later than tomor
row.
