# OFF-CAMPUS WOMEN
## 
### 
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
Off-Campus Women will meet for
lunch today at 12 in the lower
lounge of the Women's Clubhouse.
Off-campus men ate invited,
