# HILLEL
## 
### 
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
Hillel will have an intcrfaith
meeting with the Descrct Club to
night at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house auditorium. Dancing will fol
low a film starring Paul Lucas.
