# Air Force Group To Visit Stanford
## 
### 
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
Juniors and seniors interested in
oflicer in the Air
Force may contact an Air Force
Aviation Cadet Selection Team
scheduled to be on campus in Room
250 of the Classics Department on
Monday and Tuesday.
The team will be ready not only
to answer all questions concerning
officer opportunities in the Air
Force, but also to process any Stan
ford men who desire to enter the
programs offered.
