# Wilbur Proposes State Health Plan
## 
### 
CORONADO, May 6 (UP). â€” A
large-scale plan to provide state re
lief clients with cheap medical
services was submitted for approval
tonight by President Ray Lyman
Wilbur before the 69th convention
of the California Medical Associa
tion.
Wilbur, former Secretary of Inte
rior under ex-President Herbert
Hoover and now president of Stan
ford University, said California phy
sicians will offer cheaper rates to
more than 340.000 persons, rep
resenting family members of 85.000
relief cilents.
"This is a public health measure
of greatest importance," Wilbur told
more than 500 delegates to the con
vention. "By improving health of
those on relief, public health costs
throughout the state will be re
duced, as possibility of disease
spread is reduced. Doctors should
take this step in order to stay at the
helm in new social progress which
inevitably will involve medicine."
