# Breakers Blank Theta Chi, 17-0
## 
### 
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
Sherman Sclix, one of (lie acc
hurlers in softhall play, gave up
only three hits and struck out 14
opposing batters to hand the
Breakers another win, 17-0, over
Theta Delta Chi. The losers were
completely helpless and couldn't
touch the fast delivery of Sclix.
The Breakers, on the other hand,
continued to show a slashing of
fensive game and shelled three of
the Theta Delt pitchers while mak
ing their 17 runs.
Trials for the Intramural Relays
will be held this afternoon at 4
o'clock on Angell Field. All en
trants should sign up before com
peting in any events. Finals for the
relays will be held Thursday.
No softball games were scheduled
today because of the relays, accord
ing to Intramural Manager Andy
Stojkovich.
