# Crackdown to Hit Campus Gamblers
## 
### 
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
Names of at least four football
pool operators have been secured.
Men's Council announced yester
day.
Since Tuesday when the first pub
lic report of the pools appeared ir.
The Daily other pools have beer
made known, one operating in En
cina Hall.
Men's Council members will meet
with Dean of Students Lawrence
Kimpton at 4:15 p.m. today to de
cide by what method students who
are alleged to have been operating
national syndicated football pools
on campus will be prosecuted.
Men's Council will hold a hearing
on the cases Nov. 11, at which time
both witnesses and defendants will
be interviewed, according to Tom
Diamond, chairman of the Council
The football pool agents will b*
prosecuted on grounds of violatin
the fundamental standard and par
ticipating in gambling, which i
forbidden in University residence-
University authorities admitte
knowing about the pools, but wer
unaware of the magnitude of tl"
operations and were unable to es
tablish the names of the student
who ran them.
Pools have been operating on th
campus for at least three years, an
their presence has been generaih
known, although never made pub
lic.
