# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
Thomas E. Dewey ran third
eighth race at Tanforan, wi
Bassett up. He paid $5 in the
mutuels.
