# Re-Nomination for Council Necessary
## 
### 
Election of ten members of the Stu
dent Council, scheduled to be held on
the Quad today, has been called off
temporarily, due to a mistake in the
method of nominating the candidates.
At the meeting last. Thursday when
the nominations were held, the error
occurred. Tt is the rule of the Coun
cil to count the votes of each Encina
member as two votes, as opposed to
the single vote possessed by each fra
ternity representative. This rule was
not followed at the meeting last
week, with the result that the nom
inations are illegal, and will have to
be held again. Re-nominations will
be held at the meeting of the Council
this Thursday. The elections will
probably take place on the Quad some
time next week.
