# UNION PACIFIC ENDEAVORS TO INCREASE FOOD PRODUCTION
## 
### 
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
In an effort to forestall any pos
sible food shortage in the United
States during the coming year, Mr.
Wm. Jeffers, general manager of the
Union Pacific Railway, has issued a
circular to his employees urging them
to do all in their power to add to the
food production of the country. Ac
cording to the circular, the Union
Pacific offers all its lands to its em
ployees for the cultivation of crops.
