# Adv. 33 Page 6
## 
### 
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
If you've been to busy to
take advantage of
Stanford Tours
Let us incorporate them in
your trip home.
—o —
For tour information con
tact Summer Quarter Office,
161 A Administration Bldg.
•
Peninsula
Travel Service
DA 2-4763 DA 2-3082
261 Hamilton
