# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
Hoover Library announces the en
gagement of Phyllis Kennedy to
Harold Goldhamer of the University
Press.
Bud Spencer, sports editor of the
Sail Franciseo News, was a middle
distance runner for Stanford, and
was a member of the li'2B Olympic
track team.
