# Clark Denies
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (UP) —
Attorney General Tom C. Clark to
night flatly denied the assertion of
Sen. Homer Ferguson that the Jus
tice Department approved of a Sen
ate Committee's open hearings on al
leged Communist espionage in the
government.
The cabinet official struck back in
his running feud with the Michigan
Republican over the administration's
refusal to give Senate investigators
federal employment records on Wil
liam W. Remington, suspended Com
merce Department official.
