# Stanford Professor To Teach at Haiti
## 
### 
Professor William L. Schwartz of
the Romanic languages department
will leave Sept. 5 to spend six
months as visiting professor of
English at the National University
of Haiti.
Under arrangements made by the
U.S. State Department's division of
international exchange of persons,
Dr. Schwartz will teach in Ihe
Ecole Noimale Superieure at the
Haitian university.
He was selected for the post be
cause of his ability to lecture in
Trench and the fact that he taught
English in Japanese government
colleges for nine years before com
ing to Stanford in 1920. He also
has made special studies of pho
netics and the teaching of foreign
languages.
Dr. Schwartz will return to Stan
ford for the spring quarter. 1949.
