# Registration
## 
### 
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
Over 7,900 students are expect
ed to register on Sept. 27 and 28,
the Registrar's office reported
yesterday. Of this number, ap
proximately 2.500 are enrolling
for the first time.
"Registration books will be
available for new students the
morning of Sept. 27." Registrar
Donald Winbigler said. "Old >.tu
dents will register on the 28th,
although we hope to have their
books ready on the afternoon of
the 27th."
Full details of the registration
will be available in the fall quar
ter time schedule and in the first
edition of the fall Daily. Winbig
ler advised all students to check
the procedure before starting to
register.
