# Author to Speak To Writers Friday
## 
### 
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
Jessamyn West, noted short story
writer, will talk informally to stu
dents interested in creative writing
Friday afternoon at 4:15 in the so
cial room of the School of Educa
tion.
Miss West is the author of "The
Friendly Persuasion," a collection
of short stories and sketches about
Quakers, and many short stories
which have appeared in The New
Yorker, the Atlantic Monthly, and
Harper's.
Her talk will be given under the
auspices of the Creative Writing
Center. Miss West is one of a series
of writers who have visited the
campus this summer as part of the I
creative writing program.
