# Adv. 28 Page 7
## 
### 
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
The American
Cancer Society
thanks you.
«
Their families
thank you.
You've become a
life saver. Literally.
For installing our
Employee Education
Program. For
understanding that if
cancer is detected in
its early stages,
chances for cure are
greatly increased.
Thank you.
I.
