# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It will perhaps be remembered that
At, the beginning of the baseball season
a great many students bought sjason
admission tickets for one dollar apiece,
on representations made by the man
agement that at, least live and probably
six or seven Varsity games would he
played on the campus this season, and
that it would pay to invest in season
tickets rather than buy single admis
sions to each game at twenty five cents
apiece. ThÂ°re have been just three
games played here so far to which ad
mission was charged, and there are not
likely to be any more. The question
now is, will the management keep faith
with its p'ltrons, or will it merely con
gratulate itself that it is twenty five
cents ahead on each season ticket, sold,
and t.iuat to its being forgotten by next
year?
