# STANFORD CHRISTMAS FAIRE FRIDAY-SUNDAY
## 
### 

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.

Photographs by Jae So, Russell Jong and Nancy Raff

The Student Arts at
Stanford (STARTS)
Christmas Faire
Sunday at Tresidder
Union featured
booths at which
vendors displayed
different types of
hand-crafted goods.

Eighty percent of the
faire's proceeds went
to the craftsmen,
while the other 20
percent will help fund
STARTS' many
projects during the
year, such as the noon
concerts at Tresidder.
