# BROTHERS DRAFTED
## 
### 
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
UKIAH, Oct 31 (UP). The lir.st
two men from Ukiah whuse num
bers were drawn in the draft lot
tery today were brothers-in-law
Albert Bartolomei and Kenneth Ev
erett Tripp.
