# Adv. 64 Page 18
## 
### 
When Judy Lafferty
prepares for a race,
she checks every part
of her bike.
Because she checks
her body the same
way, she discovered a
lump in her breast a
few years ago.
Sne discovered it
early. And these days,
85% of early breast
cancers can be treated
successfully.
Judy has since had
reconstructive surgery,
too. And she feels like
herself again. Alive,'
vibrant, ready to get
on her bike and take
on the world.
Judy Lafferty is liv
ing proof of the pro
gress we're making
against cancer.
The American
Cancer Society takes
some credit for that
progress. But credit
won't finance our
work.
We need your
money to help -js win
ihts race.
When Judy Lafferty
prepares for a race,
she checks every part
of her bike.
Because she checks
her body the same
way, she discovered a
lump in her breast a
few years ago.
Sne discovered it
early. And these days,
85% of early breast
cancers can be treated
successfully.
Judy has since had
reconstructive surgery,
too. And she feels like
herself again. Alive,'
vibrant, ready to get
on her bike and take
on the world.
Judy Lafferty is liv
ing proof of the pro
gress we're making
against cancer.
The American
Cancer Society takes
some credit for that
progress. But credit
won't finance our
work.
We need your
money to help -js win
ihts race.
When Judy Lafferty
prepares for a race,
she checks every part
of her bike.
Because she checks
her body the same
way, she discovered a
lump in her breast a
few years ago.
Sne discovered it
early. And these days,
85% of early breast
cancers can be treated
successfully.
Judy has since had
reconstructive surgery,
too. And she feels like
herself again. Alive,'
vibrant, ready to get
on her bike and take
on the world.
Judy Lafferty is liv
ing proof of the pro
gress we're making
against cancer.
The American
Cancer Society takes
some credit for that
progress. But credit
won't finance our
work.
We need your
money to help -js win
ihts race.
When Judy Lafferty
prepares for a race,
she checks every part
of her bike.
Because she checks
her body the same
way, she discovered a
lump in her breast a
few years ago.
Sne discovered it
early. And these days,
85% of early breast
cancers can be treated
successfully.
Judy has since had
reconstructive surgery,
too. And she feels like
herself again. Alive,'
vibrant, ready to get
on her bike and take
on the world.
Judy Lafferty is liv
ing proof of the pro
gress we're making
against cancer.
The American
Cancer Society takes
some credit for that
progress. But credit
won't finance our
work.
We need your
money to help -js win
ihts race.
When Judy Lafferty
prepares for a race,
she checks every part
of her bike.
Because she checks
her body the same
way, she discovered a
lump in her breast a
few years ago.
Sne discovered it
early. And these days,
85% of early breast
cancers can be treated
successfully.
Judy has since had
reconstructive surgery,
too. And she feels like
herself again. Alive,'
vibrant, ready to get
on her bike and take
on the world.
Judy Lafferty is liv
ing proof of the pro
gress we're making
against cancer.
The American
Cancer Society takes
some credit for that
progress. But credit
won't finance our
work.
We need your
money to help -js win
ihts race.
When Judy Lafferty
prepares for a race,
she checks every part
of her bike.
Because she checks
her body the same
way, she discovered a
lump in her breast a
few years ago.
Sne discovered it
early. And these days,
85% of early breast
cancers can be treated
successfully.
Judy has since had
reconstructive surgery,
too. And she feels like
herself again. Alive,'
vibrant, ready to get
on her bike and take
on the world.
Judy Lafferty is liv
ing proof of the pro
gress we're making
against cancer.
The American
Cancer Society takes
some credit for that
progress. But credit
won't finance our
work.
We need your
money to help -js win
ihts race.
When Judy Lafferty
prepares for a race,
she checks every part
of her bike.
Because she checks
her body the same
way, she discovered a
lump in her breast a
few years ago.
Sne discovered it
early. And these days,
85% of early breast
cancers can be treated
successfully.
Judy has since had
reconstructive surgery,
too. And she feels like
herself again. Alive,'
vibrant, ready to get
on her bike and take
on the world.
Judy Lafferty is liv
ing proof of the pro
gress we're making
against cancer.
The American
Cancer Society takes
some credit for that
progress. But credit
won't finance our
work.
We need your
money to help -js win
ihts race.
