# Untitled Article
## 
### 


Rod Searcey/Daily
W. Glenn Campbell was
honored for his 25 years
as director of the Hoover
Institution at a reception
and dinner at the Stanford
Faculty Club Wednesday
night. Above: Campbell is
flanked by Stanford Presi
dent Donald Kennedy
(left) and UC-Berkeley
President David Gardner.
Right: Campbell is greeted
by White House Coun
selor Edwin Meese. Presi
dent Reagan, Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secre
tary of State George
Shultz and Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger
were among the
numerous dignitaries who
sent Campbell personal
greetings congratulating
him on his 25 years at
Hoover.


Rod Searcey/Daily
W. Glenn Campbell was
honored for his 25 years
as director of the Hoover
Institution at a reception
and dinner at the Stanford
Faculty Club Wednesday
night. Above: Campbell is
flanked by Stanford Presi
dent Donald Kennedy
(left) and UC-Berkeley
President David Gardner.
Right: Campbell is greeted
by White House Coun
selor Edwin Meese. Presi
dent Reagan, Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secre
tary of State George
Shultz and Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger
were among the
numerous dignitaries who
sent Campbell personal
greetings congratulating
him on his 25 years at
Hoover.


Rod Searcey/Daily
W. Glenn Campbell was
honored for his 25 years
as director of the Hoover
Institution at a reception
and dinner at the Stanford
Faculty Club Wednesday
night. Above: Campbell is
flanked by Stanford Presi
dent Donald Kennedy
(left) and UC-Berkeley
President David Gardner.
Right: Campbell is greeted
by White House Coun
selor Edwin Meese. Presi
dent Reagan, Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secre
tary of State George
Shultz and Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger
were among the
numerous dignitaries who
sent Campbell personal
greetings congratulating
him on his 25 years at
Hoover.


Rod Searcey/Daily
W. Glenn Campbell was
honored for his 25 years
as director of the Hoover
Institution at a reception
and dinner at the Stanford
Faculty Club Wednesday
night. Above: Campbell is
flanked by Stanford Presi
dent Donald Kennedy
(left) and UC-Berkeley
President David Gardner.
Right: Campbell is greeted
by White House Coun
selor Edwin Meese. Presi
dent Reagan, Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secre
tary of State George
Shultz and Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger
were among the
numerous dignitaries who
sent Campbell personal
greetings congratulating
him on his 25 years at
Hoover.


Rod Searcey/Daily
W. Glenn Campbell was
honored for his 25 years
as director of the Hoover
Institution at a reception
and dinner at the Stanford
Faculty Club Wednesday
night. Above: Campbell is
flanked by Stanford Presi
dent Donald Kennedy
(left) and UC-Berkeley
President David Gardner.
Right: Campbell is greeted
by White House Coun
selor Edwin Meese. Presi
dent Reagan, Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secre
tary of State George
Shultz and Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger
were among the
numerous dignitaries who
sent Campbell personal
greetings congratulating
him on his 25 years at
Hoover.


Rod Searcey/Daily
W. Glenn Campbell was
honored for his 25 years
as director of the Hoover
Institution at a reception
and dinner at the Stanford
Faculty Club Wednesday
night. Above: Campbell is
flanked by Stanford Presi
dent Donald Kennedy
(left) and UC-Berkeley
President David Gardner.
Right: Campbell is greeted
by White House Coun
selor Edwin Meese. Presi
dent Reagan, Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secre
tary of State George
Shultz and Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger
were among the
numerous dignitaries who
sent Campbell personal
greetings congratulating
him on his 25 years at
Hoover.


Rod Searcey/Daily
W. Glenn Campbell was
honored for his 25 years
as director of the Hoover
Institution at a reception
and dinner at the Stanford
Faculty Club Wednesday
night. Above: Campbell is
flanked by Stanford Presi
dent Donald Kennedy
(left) and UC-Berkeley
President David Gardner.
Right: Campbell is greeted
by White House Coun
selor Edwin Meese. Presi
dent Reagan, Vice Presi
dent George Bush, Secre
tary of State George
Shultz and Defense Secre
tary Caspar Weinberger
were among the
numerous dignitaries who
sent Campbell personal
greetings congratulating
him on his 25 years at
Hoover.
