# Adv. 32 Page 10
## 
### 
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
J FESTIVAL J
CINEMA J
475 Hamilton Ave. J
329-1848 J
S THE LADYKILLERS 2
7:00 & 10:05 2
S the lavender Ji
J HILL MOB £
J 8:45 J
W
immediate openings lor you
it you are experienced m
oftlca skills, il yoj are
between iobs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money 1
We also need workers lor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
£ <Jual ODDOrfunity E^D'Oye'
TRomas
temporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300,
V, " 4g Jj
