# Announcements
## 
### 
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
TUESDAY
Phi Delta Phi—Stanford Inn, at noon
sharp. Important.
Golf Club —Encina Gym at 5 p.m.
Orchestra—No meeting dwing to the
fact that Mr. Allen will not be able
to be present. Next meeting No
vember 25.
Schubert Club—Meeting from 5-6 p.m.,
Room 84, Inner Quad.

Rooters' hats are on sale at Wide
man's. All members of the rooting
section must secure them before the
game.
