# EMINENT PIANIST HAS CONFIDENCE IN AMERICAN MUSIC
## 
### 
Rudolph Ganz, who will appear in
concert here at the Assembly Hall on
Wednesday night, has great confidence
in the future of American music. He
is a life-long friend of Edward Mac-
Dowell, the great American composer,
and, believing that his compositions
are fully equal to the work of recog
nized European masters, takes every
opportunity to interpret MacDowell's
pieces. In his program here, he will
play the famous Sonata Eroica Op. 50,
on which he has received such favor
able criticisms.
The New York Evening Post has
said of his interpretation of Mac-
Dowell: "It would be well for the
cause of his (MacDowell's) music if
all performers played his works as
admirably as Rudolph Ganz did at his
recital. He gave the "Eroica" sonata
as his opening number, and he not
only gave it with MacDowell's warmth
and force, bringing out the poignancy
of our greatest American composer's
characteristic harmonies, but, what is
far more difficult, and what few have
grasped, he gets the elusive, tender
beauty which lies in all MacDowell's
compositions, but which escapes as
easily as does a subtle fragrance, if
sympathy and comprehension are
lacking."
