# Cosmopolitan Club To Hold Informal Meeting
## 
### 
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
An informal hour will take the place
of the regular meeting of the Cosmo
politan Club in the Women's Club
House this evening at 8 o'clock. Dur
ing the evening a program which is
cosmopolitan in nature will be given.
Each number will represent a differ
ent nationality. The program will in
clude a Hindoo number, an Irish dance
and a violin duet by J. J. Delpech and
F. G. West. Professor H. Lanz of the
Russian department and Mr. S E. Wes
sage will play and sing two Russian
folk songs.
