# SERBIAN WILL TELL OF HIS PEOPLE AT LECTURE TOMORROW
## 
### 
"Serbia and Her People" will be the
subject of an illustrated lecture by
Lieutenant Milutin Krunicli. late of
the Serbian Army, in the Little The
ater, tomorrow evening at 7:30.
Lieutenant Krunich served in the
battle of Belgrade and was in the fam
ous retreat through Albania, when
many of his company were stricken
with typhoid At the end of the re
treat he, too, became very ill with
the fever, and was taken to Africa
for treatment on the last ship that
left the Asiatic shore. He was later
sent to Paris where he was discharged
as incapacitated.
After leaving France, Lieutenant
Krunich came to California and ac
cepted a position as instructor in
Slavic languages at the University of
California. He lias just been appoint
ed to take charge of a new course in
Serbian history, which is to be given
there next semester.
