# MEN ARE CHOSEN FOR CALIFORNIA DEBATE
## Goldstein, Fenlason and Good-man To Represent Stanford 
### 
M. M. Goldstein, '20, C. O Fenlason,
'18, and D. L. Goodman, '22, were fin
ally named as members of the forensic
trio to meet the University of Cali
fornia after one of the keenest try
outs in Stanford's inter-collegiate de
bating history, according to statements
of the judges and coach M. L. Mc-
Clintock. The speakers faced each
other squarely on the merits of the
"Plumb Plan" and fought determinedly
through the last rebuttal for advantage
on the issues as brought out in the
first clashes. A. E. Murphy, '23, was
chosen alternate.
Fenlason, in point of experience the
oldest speaker of the team, proved the
strongest Cardinal representative in
the contest with the University of
Southern California last year. He was
formerly president of Euphronia De
bating Club, and is a member of Delta
