# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
Palo Alto Hospital—John E. Ma
ling.
Men's Rest Home—Thomas Ocon
nor.
Women's Rest Home—Stephanie
Davis, Rose Noll.
Isolation Hospital—No patients.
