# P.A. Folkdancers To Begin Classes
## 
### 
Folk and square dancing for adults
under the Palo Alto Recreation De
partment starts the winter term for
beginners today and for intermedi
ate dancers tomorrow.
Both classes meet from 8:15 to 10
p.m. in the social hall of the Com
munity Center, 1305 Middlefield, at
Melville.
Beginners will learn waltz, polka,
mazurka and Schottische steps, with
European and old - time American
dances based on these steps, as well
as American square dances.
The Tuesday evening class is
planned for those who have attended
the beginning class for a term.
Registration fees are $3.50 for the
term for non-residents of Palo Alto
and $2 for residents. Teachers are
Tom and Els'beth Fox.
