# Hawaii All-Stars Win HONOLULU. T. H.. Jan. 8 (U.P)
## 
### 
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
Y. A. Tittle of the San Francisco
Forty-Niners passed for five touch
downs today to lead the pro-stuclded
Hawaii All-Stars to a 51-20 victory
over the tollegiate All-Stars in the
10th annual Hula Bowl football game
before 24,000.
