# SRI Announces New Appointment
## 
### 
Edward S. Prentice, former deputy
director of the U. S. aid mission to
the Philippines, has joined the eco
nomics staff of Stanford Research
Institute.
Dr. Weldon B. Gibson, director of
economics research, in announcing
Mr. Prentice's appointment to the
senior staff, said that he will be ac
tive in the Institute's international
research program and area develop
ment studies.
Pi entice recently returned from
three ancl a half years in the Philip
pines as deputy director of the tech
nical assistance mission, where he
helped administer the aid program
under the International Cooperation
Administration. He was active in
rural rehabilitation programs, spend
ing much of his time in the prov
inces.
