# Women's Gym to House Orchesis Tryouts Today
## 
### 
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
Tryouts for Orchesis, wo m en's
modern dance organization, will be
held today at 5 p.m. in the women's
gym.
WRA encourages all interested in
dancing in the Spring Concert in
Mem Aud to itry out. The only re
quirement is a quarter of modern
dance here, or its equivalent.
