# Deadline Is Today For Band Signup
## 
### 
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
Today is the last day students may
obtain one unit of credit in Stanford
Concert Band. Those wishing class
cards may contact Bill Hudson, as
sistant manager, in 506 Crothers Me
morial.
