# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
Miuizanita announces the marriage
of Anne Newman, '55, to Bob Stet
son, SAE, '55.
