# Room, Board Rills Deadline Is Today
## 
### 
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
Room and board bills fall due to
day.
Unless the bills are paid by 5 p.m.
today, a charge of $1 will be added
for each day the bills are late.
The Cashier's Office is in Encina.
