# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
! "LEST YOU FORGETr
St
Have some pictures to re
member by—or to send home
to the family.
Rush photographs.
Miniatures of Stanford.
Quad groups and
Copies of the Lemos paint
ings.
STANFORD BOOKSTORE
Opon 7:45 to 4:45
