# CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ARMENIA INCREASED
## 
### 
Returns from the donations to the
Armenian-Serbian Relief Fund have
been announced as amounting to $502,
which the committee from the Wom
en's War Board, in charge of the cam
paign, considers very satisfactory.
Booths were established on quad by
the board for the purpose of collecting
any cash donations which the students
cared to contribute, and to receive
pledges of funds to be paid in the fu
ture. The Women's War Board sta
tioned workers at the booths in the
morning, while the Junior War Board
had control in the afternoon.
The committee was glad to receive
such a generous response from the
student body to this drive for the re
lief in the Near East. The campaign j
closes this week.
