# Professor Robinson To Talk on Leadership
## 
### 
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
"American Leadership" is to be the
subject of a talk to be given by Pro
fessor E. E. Robinson, of the History
department, at the Cosmopolitan Club
meetin Monday evening, January 20.
Professor Robinson is the author of
numerous articles on national politics
and the foreign policy of Woodrow
Wilson, as well as the writer of tari-
Ous reviews. 11iopinions on what con
stitutes American leadership are based
on carefully formed convictions, made
after many years of preparation.
1 he talk will be followed by an in
formal social. All students interested
have been cordially invited to attend.
