# CERCLE FRANCAIS TO MEET ON THURSDAY
## 
### 
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
Cercle Fran<;ais will hold a meeting
next Thursday, January 23. Members
only will be permitted to attend this
meeting, but everyone that is connect
ed with the organization has been asked
to attend by Miss Dorothy Elfving, '21,
the new president, as it will be an im
portant and especially interesting meet
ing.
"English as She is Spoke" or "L'Ang
lais Tel Qu'on le Parle," by Bernard,
will be acted by members of the Cercle
and by some of the French department
faculty.
A recent meeting of the French Club
elected the following officers: Miss
Dorothy Elfving, '21, president; Dr. O.
M. Johnston, vice-president; Winifred
Johnston, '21, Secretary, and L. D.
Bailiff, gr., treasurer. Next Thursday's
meeting will be held in the Woman's
Club House at 8 o'clock.
