# FOOTBALL GREATER THAN EVER LAST YEAR
## 
### 
That football did not suffer by the
war, Is the opinion of Walter Camp,
in his review of the football season
of 1918, in Collier's for January. Mr.
Camp shows that more football waa
played during the past year than In
the palmiest season of college foot
ball.
Princeton and Pittsburg, he says,
turned out better teams than ever,
while many of the universities pro
duced as good teams as they ever had.
The effect of football training upon
the morale and fighting spirit of the
men in khaki was remarked by all
commanders, and was evident In all
phases, in quick thinking, persistence,
and co-ordination. The spirit of do
or-die, that holds the attack on the
one-yard line, was what made Cha
teau-Thierry, claims Camp.
