# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
Give your shoes a new lease
on life—our expert shoe re
building service will do won
ders for your footwear.
Prompt service — reasonable
prices.
CAMPUS SHOE
SHOP AND
SH!NE
