# Roble's Romantic Bridge Gives Way To Firmer Rock
## 
### 
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
"How high will the new Uo
ble bridge be?" the workman
was asked.
"High enough to sit on," said
lie, getting the point ri}»ht
away, ' but you'd better hring
along a pillow."
Which indicates that Ruble
coeds, returning from the Li
brary with their dates, will
have a new, if rocky, place to
say goodbye before lock-outs.
The bridge is being built of
stone to replace the old honey
suckled, wooden stru rt n re
which formerly spanned the
Lagunita drain on the right of
the dormitory.
