# ALPHA O PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
pledging of Margaret Hull, '35.
John Steinbeck, '23, has published
three novels.'
