# WATER POLOISTS MEET ATHENS SQUAD; THORNTON MAY CHANGE VARSITY LINE-UP
## 
### 
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
Undefeated record to protect.
That will be, the basis in which
Stanford's varsity and freshman
water poloists engage the Athens
Club in the opening game of the
winter series, Northern California
Water Polo League Saturday after
noon.
The program will stari at 3:30
o'clock with a preliminary contest
betVveen the Cardinal frosh and
the Oakland club's reserve team.
The , varsity encounter probably
will get under way at 4 o'clock.
Colds are still major worries of
Coach Nort Thornton, and his
chances will be greatly hampered,
unless several of his first stringers,
now ordered out of competition, are
permitted to swim by Saturday.
Thornton yesterday considered
modifying his lineup of Vlad Ta
ranik, Jim Benet, Bob Foster, Cap
tain Gordy Graves, Wally Wiget,
Bill Woodard, and Leo Cook. Benet
and Foster, temporarily incapaci
tated, may give way to Paul deSilva
and Viney in the forward positions;
Myers and Dean may replace Wiget
and Graves as guards.
Jim Triolo's case of poison oak
definitely will keep him out of the
game, while sinus trouble makes
it impossible for Tom Boothc to
play this week.
In Jim MacKay and Pederson, the
Oakland club has a pair of good for
wards. Denny Driggs, ex-Indian,
plays a steady game at guard, and

Reischmuller and Steadman have
shown class. All of these players
are former college stars.
Fresh and "rarin' to go" with 10
straight victories already to their
credit, Stanford first-year men are
favored to defeat the Athens re
serves again. The Oakland substi
tutes, however, have shown the same
spotty brilliance the Athenian reg
ulars have, and the California i'rosh
fell before a steady goal-pounding
administered by the Oakland club.
Stanford barely nosed out the Bear
Cubs, 5 to 4, in the first round.
