# Travel Lecture Features German Society Meeting
## 
### 
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
The illustrated lecture, "My Aus
trian Travels," by associate profes
sor of German, Anthony E. Sokol, is
the main feature on the program for
today's meeting of the German
Honor Society. The group will con
vene at 4:30 o'clock in Room 119 a,
and after the professor's talk, will
partake of refreshments and con
elude the session with the custo
mary song lest.
