# Vaccination Certificates Must Be Filed Tuesday
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
Vaccination certificates are due at
the Registrar's office on Tuesday,
January 30, for all new students,
including those having permit to
attend classes, and all other students
v/hose certificates have expired.
Failure to file certificates by 5
o'clock on Tuesday will result in a
fine of $2; or, if not filed by Feb
ruary G, registration in the Univer
sity will be subject to cancellation
by the Committee on Public Health.
