# COFFEE IN THE CUP, PLEASE!
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
The Editor, Sir:
Perhaps it will do no good to ask,
but it would be interesting to know
why the waiter's in the Cellar have
to be so damned independent. Have
they no fear whatsoever of their
jobs? Why must they—always—
spill just enough coffee in your
saucer to make it unpleasant—and
when they make a mistake why

must they act as superior as if it
were all your fault; sort of a "why
don't you order what you want in
the first place?" attitude, and in
stead of apologizing they look at
you pityingly.
And another thing—just try and
attract their attention when you're
in a hurry some time. Yeh. Just
try. —Bill Waltman
