# Long Screams
## 
### 
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
Huey P. Long raised his voice in
denunciation of rivals again yester
day as he watched his once all
powerful political machine on the
verge of disintegration. Spurred or
by the almost certain defeat of his
New Orleans mayorality candidate
now 15,000 votes behind, the King
fish screamed charges of wholesale
fraud at the polls.
