# NESTORIA DISCUSSES FEDERAL WAGE LAW
## 
### 
After a hot argument last night,
Nestorians finally awarded the de
cision to those who upheld the nega
tive side of the question, "Resolved,
trat the Federal Reserve wage law
should be established in all indus
tries except agriculture." J. A.
Sparks, '20, and E. L. Weitzel, *20,
argued for the negative, won a unani
mous decision over their opponents.
The question announced for discus
sion last night was "Resolved, that
the policy set forth by President Wil
son in his peace proposals, namely,
'that there shall be no selfish eco
nomic leagues on trade barriers es
tablished between nations of the
world,' should be maintained," but
this question was postponed until
next week.
