# Women to Hold Trials For Interclass Aquatic Meet
## 
### 
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
Preliminary trials for the women's
interclass swimming meet will be held
next week. The Schedule announced is
as follows: Seniors, Monday; juniors,
Tuesday; sophomores, Wednesday;
freshmen, Thursday; and graduates,
Saturday. All competitions will begin
promptly at 4:50.
