# Adv. 3 Page 3
## 
### 
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
Dinner
dunces M
Every evening, except J7~
Sunday, new Palace Ho- o
tel orchestra under the
direction of E.Maxßrad
field. • T
Cover charge 50c a per
son after y P. M.
OsMi' csgteL®
a bote dvmcr
<J%lso a In ca
tpjyil.
l ~Tlic
PALACE
HOTEL
C Management
HALSEY E.MANWAIUNC
