# DIRECTOR OF WELSH SINGERS
## 
### 

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.

Director of the Rhondda Welsh Male Singers, who will appear in
concert this evening, under the auspices of the Palo Alto Elks lodge.
The program is to be given in the Assembly Hall at 8:15 o'clock.
