# Booters Named League Champs By Soccer Board
## 
### 
The Stanford soccer loam
learned somewhat belatedly that
it is the champion of (he West
Coast Soccer League, following
an announcement from the gov
erning hoard of soccer in the
Western portion of the United
Stales.
The board announced that the
University of California has been
disqualified for the use of eight
ineligible players, including the
use of two former all-league play
er, one of which, goalie Fred
Becker, was a two-time All-Amer
ican pick and a three-time all
leaguer.
COINCIDENTAL with this, the
awards for the soccer team have
been announced. The most-valu
able soccer player .award was
given to Bernie Knaggs, Knaggs
was a second team all-conference
selection, and was named to (he
honorable mention All-American
list.

The recipient of most improved
varsity player award was Adam
Bianchi, a second team ' all-con
ference choice.
Emmanuel Andah, the Ghana

speedster, was presented with the
Harry Maloney trophy for his all
around contribution to the team.
Andah was a first-team all-confer
ence selection at his forward post.
THK AWARDS for the junior
varsity went to Don Burr and Rob
Cormack, the defensive mainstays
who led the junior varsity in al
lowing the opponents an average
of less than a goal per game. Bun
received the award for the most
improved junior varsity player,
while Cormack was named most
valuable JV player.
