# IIR Requests African Forms
## 
### 
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
Students interested in teaching
in Africa next year must have all
application forms turned in by to
morrow at the Africa Desk at the
HR. A representative will be in
the HR all day today to receive
finished applications, and to ad
vise students on procedures.
A Columbia Teachers College
representive on campus last
Friday and Saturday to screen
candidates for teaching in East
Africa was "extremely impressed
by the calibre and interest demon
strated by Stanford candidates.”
He also said there was a great de
mand for students qualified to
teach mathematics and the sci
ences.
The Africa American Institute
phoned here twice Friday request
ing a date for sending a repre
sentative to screen Stanford appli
cants. It is expected that a Stan
ford nominating committee will
meet this week to interview the
50 or more Stanford applicants.
