# Boston Wins; Yanks Beat KC
## 
### United Press International 
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
Jackie Jensen’s clutch single, a
bases loader! walk and Gary Gei
ger’s first home run of the season
gave the Boston Red Sox a 3-2 vic
tory over the Los Angeles Angels
yesterday.
A two-run homer in the first
inning by Mickey Mantle his
first hit of the season- helped
the New York Yankees down the
Kansas City Athletics 3-0. in the
day’s only other A.L. game.-
