# SRI Purchases SU Village Land
## 
### 
Stanford is releasing approxi
mately five acres of its Stanford
Village land to Stanford Research
Institute and tlie city of Menlo
Park.
A total of 3,4 acres was sold to
SRI, which shares the village area
with the menâ€™s dorms and married
student housing. This portion con
tains the old Laurel School, once
used by the children of Stanford
GI students during the post-World
War II period.
The land and buildings were
originally part of the physical
plant of Dibble General Hospital,
which was sold to Stanford for
use us married student housing.
The University, which plans to
vacate the village by 1965, also
dedicated two parcels totaling 1.3
acres to Menlo Park for an ex
tension of Laurel Street. A third
small parcel was sold to the city.
