# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
California defeated the University of
Southern California last Thursday by
the score of 91-31.
