# Dr. Jordan To Address Club.
## 
### 
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
The Cosmopolitan Club will be ad
dressed on Wednesday evening by Dr.
Jordan who will speak on "What the
Cosmopolitan Club can do to promote
the cause of Peace and better mutual
undertsanding among the nations rep
resented." All are cordially invited
to attend the meeting which will be
held in the Chapel at 7:30 p.m.
Professors to Lea to For East.
Professor A. T. Murray, of the Latin
and Greek department leaves tomor
row for New York, where he will
spend the major portion of his summer
vacation in editing the works of var
ious Greek authors.
At the end of this semester, Pro
fessor E. P. Cubberley of the De
partment of Education, Professor I-I.
R. Fairclough of the Latin and Greek
department and Professor R. M. Alden
of the English department will also
leave for the east. They have accepts!
postitions in their respective depart
ments to teach during the summer
session in the University of Chicago.
