# NAVY BILL TO CONGRESS
## 
### 
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
One hundred and five million dollars
from the United States Treasury will
;be spent in the erection of ten light
cruisers, if a bill presented to Con
gress by Representative Butler and
'approved by President Coolidge is
:passed.
