# Memorial Church Resumes Regular Student Services
## 
### 
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
Dr. D. (hnrles Gardner will conduct
the regular Sunday morning services to
he held in the Memorial Church January
and will i»ive as hi. address "A New
Year s Message." Brahms' "Hear Us
(io.nl Lord," and "Another Year Hath
Passed Away," by Ditch, arc the all
iums to he sung.
