# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
v /"« '
Go to bat
with goods
from
Fred H.
SMITH
(on the Circle)
s(j n
in U'- i i
m
Bieyoles
Kodaks. Guns
, Sporting
/ I Goods
112 Fishing Tackle
Typewriters
*«*( Phonographs
I'lioiM* :>KiK
Repai ring
Renting
Palo Alto, < iil.
Wright& Ditson's
ifl
l ■■■■■■ aJj^
Single or Extra center string
styles
Tennis Rackets
For sale by your local dealers
Wright & Ditson
San Francisco
359 Market Street
