# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
Unitarian Cliiiroli—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street, Clarence
Reed, minister. Rev. Henry W. Foote,
Secretary of (lie Department of Educa
tion of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation, will preach next Sunday .it 11
a.m., subject, "The Higher Loyalty."
