# Indian-Bear Soccer Tilt Postponed
## 
### 
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
The Stanford-California soccer
tilt, originally scheduled to take
place on the Farm soccer field to
morrow morning, has been post
poned until the morning of the Big
Game.
As this last minute schedule shift
leaves the Stanford squad gameless
this weekend, Coach Dave Tappen

has frantically been trying to ar
range a substitute contest for his
boys, but thus far without success.
With an eye toward keeping his
Indian squad in shape for the all
important Cal contest, Tappen an
nounced that there will be some
kind of a game tomorrow morning
even if only an intersquad scrum.
