# University Band To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
The University Band will hold an
important meeting tonight at 7 in
the hand house.
According to band manager Bill
Warren, the meeting will be for the
purpose of returning the student
body cards that were left with him
and for hearing the latest develop
ments on the new band uniforms.
After the business meeting, the
band will play for the 7:150 rally.
It is urgent that all members at
tend on time and in rally uniforms.
