# DAILY PHOTO TAKEN SUNDAY
## 
### 
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
All Daily staff members will meet
Sunday in the shack at 1 p.m. A
Quad picture of the staff will be
taken after the meeting. Those who
cannot attend should notify a mem
ber ot the Edit Board before the
meeting.
