# Medical Lectures Begin October 6
## 
### 
October 6 is the date set for the
first of the 28th course of Lane
Medical Lectures to be delivered by
Cecil K. Drinker, M.D., D.Sc., pro
fessor of physiology and dean of the
School of Public Health, Harvard
University, at the Stanford medical
school in San Francisco.
The medical profession—students,
teachers, and research workers in
medicine and allied sciences — are
cordially invited to attend the lec
ture to take place at 8:15 in the
Lane Hall.
The initial lecture of the series,
dealing with the lymphatic system,
will be on the "Physiological Prin
ciples Displayed in the Evolution of
the Mammalian Circulation." Four
other lectures will follow to be given
on Oct. 10, 13, 17, and 20.
