# Men's Board Fees Payment Due Today
## 
### 
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
Today is the last day for room
payment in all men's halls. This was
announced by the Dean of Men's
office, and includes Encina, Toyon,
Branner, and Sequoia halls. After
today there will be a fifty-cents-a
day fine for late payment. Students
who have sufficient reason can defer
payment by making arrangements
through the Dean of Men's office.
