# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
tjou are
Only a?
The failure of your optical
nerves to function properly
means that you can no longer
carry on your University
work with vigor. At the
slightest symptom of trouble
let us examine.
E. A. feoCHRAN
Dr. of Optometry
122 University Ave.
