# Stanford Masonic Club Will Meet August 2
## 
### 
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
Th Stanford Masonic Club will hold
its next regular meeting at 7:30
o'clock, Wednesday evening, August
2, in the Women's Clubhouse. William
Mac Master will address the meeting
on "The Signs and Symbols of Prim
ordeal Man." Ferdinand Prince, Jr.,
Toparck of the San Mateo Pyramid of
Sciots will also give a short talk.
After the speeches, the club will dis
cuss the program for the coming quar
ter. Refreshmnts will be served. All
visiting Master Masons are cordially
invited.
