# Will Play for Woman's League.
## 
### 
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
The next meeting of the Woman's
League will he held at the home of
Miss Winters, 17 Alvarado row,
Friday afternoon, March 18th, from
four until six. The musical pro
gram will consist of selections
given by the Kinder Symphony of
Palo Alto under the direction of
Dr. Julius Goebel. Every one is
invited to attend.
