# ANNOUNCEMENTS WILL BE GIVEN TO SENIORS AT BOOKSTORE TODAY
## 
### 
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
Seniors who ordered graduation an- i
nouncements by advance sale may get i
them at the Stanford Bookstore to- |
day from 8:30 until 5 o'clock, reports
Greg Davis, chairman of the program
committee. A few additional an- |
nouncements are available and may
be obtained by those who failed to j
order in advance. The cards are ten
cents each, and do not entitle the
holder to admission to commencement
exercises, merely announcing gradua
tion.
Senior Week programs will not be ;
distributed until next week, says
Davis, at which time additional copies
of the memorial book may be secured
also. These, besides the program, con- j
tain complete lists of the candidates
for graduation and advanced degrees, j
and are bound in leather, for $1, and
in paper, for 75 cents each. Both
announcements and programs may !
only be secured with the presentation ;
of the receipt of sale, says Davis.
