# New Men's Dormitory Is Being Built At Oregon U.
## 
### 
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
EUGENE, Ore., May 27.—(P.T.P.)—
Work on the new dormitory at the
University of Oregon, which win ac
commodate 276 men, is progressing
rapidly. All of the concrete of the
three-story structure has boen poured
and the roof is now practically com
plete. The laying of the hrick facing
will begin within a few days, and the
building will be ready for occupancy
by the time school opens n<;xt fall.
The cost of the dormitory is $325,000.
