# Adv. 24 Page 4
## 
### 
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
LAUNDRY
PROBLEMS
Of Course!
Why Waste Time 0>
a Tub?
The Menall
LAUNDERET
1925 Menalto Ave
WILL DO IT ALL FOR
A 6ENDIX LOAD
Load the machine and
for it anytime
Clothing dried 20c r
Clothing folded 15c e
Village bus comes wi
a block of us.
Plenty of
FREE PARKIN*
DAvenport 2-52
