# Untitled Article
## 
### 

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.

JESSE CONE has been rated by Marchie Schwartz as Stanford's
most consistent lineman this season. Cone is a sophomore guard
who specializes in defensive work.
