# Jayvee Gridders To Meet SF Stat
## 
### 
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
Preliminary to Saturday's v
game with Idaho. Coach Jim
jayvee squad will no agains
Francisco State College's ja.
Game time is set lor 11 a m.
for the season thus far, am
The jayvees support a 2-2 1
strong favorites to win this 5
day. Last week they downed a
ing Fort Ord team 14 to C, ar
now hopefully eyeing their o\s
Game with the Cul Ramblers,
held next week prior to tin
classic.
The Brave first siring will
ably see little action ton*
Coach Cox announced that he
to use reserves throughout th<
test against the City squad.
The schedule originally ca.
SF State's varsity to tangle wi
Braves, but a last-minute mixi
caused them to send their
varsjty instead.
