# Violin, Piano Sunday
## 
### 
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
Sunday afternoon at 4 at the Me
morial Auditorium, Sandor Salgo and
William Crosten are giving a violin
piano recital which is sponsored by
(he Music Department.
Mr. Salgo is a newcomer to Stan
ford's faculty, coming here from
Princeton. He is a native of Buda
pest where he studied with Hubay
(teacher of Szigeti and Ormandy).
Mr. Crosten is the head of Stan
ford's Music Department. He taught
at the University of lowa and Co
lumbia, where he received a Ph.D.
