# New Hall Opens For Tour Sunday
## 
### 
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
Students, residents, guests, and
.other interested people will have
their first chance to inspect the just
completed Stern Hall at an open
house from 2:P>O to 5 Sunday after
noon.
The entire dormitory, from the
two-man rooms to the modernistic
murals in tiic four lounges, will be
open for the visitors' examination,
and tours wil! he conducted.
Refreshments will he served, and
Chairman Ted Hinshaw suggests
that students may find the food es
pecially appropriate for filling in
the giip between Sunday brunch and
dinner.
Dancing will he offered in otic of
the lounges.
T he last of the linoleum is being
laid this week and the front steps
arc being repaved; so the hall should
be ful'y completed in time for this,
its first all-campus function.
