# KINSEY BROTHERS TO GIVE EXHIBIT HERE TOMMOROW
## 
### 
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
Robert and Howard Kinsey, Coast
doubles champions, will appear here
tomorrow in the second exhibition
tennis match this year. The Kinsey
team will play a team composed of
California club stars. Several singles
matches will probably be played be
tween the coast stars and the varsity
players.
The freshmen will play their initial
tourney of the year, tomorrow, as an
opener to the exhibition match, the
first year players meeting the Oak
tar.d high squad. The matches will
start at 2:30, student body cards ad
milting students to the exhibition.
