# Last ST&T Talk Given
## 
### 
"The whole tradition of quite a
division between faculty and stu
dents" at Stanford is breaking
down, E. Howard Brooks said
Thursday night.
In a Stanford Today and To
rn orr o w discussion in Stern,
Brooks, who is director of the
summer session, said, "There is
now a new generationâ€”the two
'groups are much more interested
in each other." Of the faculty
residence program, Brooks said,
"The plans are to further and de
velop this program as much as
possible."
Floor Plans
Brooks discussed floor plans of
future residences and features
such as two-student suites which,
is hoped, will ameliorate block liv
ing. He added, "You pay some
price when you live in a mass res
idence set-up. I know of no way
to beat this."
Brooks regretted that there is
"no prospect for reasonable re
lief" from the flaws of the cam
pus road system. After investi
gating the cost of improvements.
Brooks estimated that $1.8 to $2
million would be needed "to real
ly do a thorough job of road re
construction and building new
roads."
Maximum Freedom
Brooks favors "the maximum
amount of freedom from exams
and the maximum amound of lib
eral independent study." Perhaps
this would not be adaptable to en
gineering subjects, he said, but
"In the humanities I think we are
too much bound by the ritual of
quizzes."
The proposed $.1 million under
graduate library would be an
open-shelf reading library, with
no reserved book room.
