# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
112 ►
HELLO
A warm welcome to old
friends . . . and new!
We'll extend it personally
. . . next time you slip into
the shop. (Two doors from
the Cardinal Hotel on
Ramona, adv.)
About the New
Fall Styles
The most approved style
tendencies have been incor
porated in our two- and
three-button jackets ....
Fabrics are the finest that
can be obtained from the
leading makers here and
abroad .... And in most
instances confined exclu
sively to our own shops.
It's a Fact
Phelps-Terkel prices are
invariably less than you
would pay elsewhere for
clothes and accessories of
equal quality. Prove it for
yourself.
PHELS-TERKEL SHOP
OPEN EVENINGS
'TIL 8:00
Ramona St. — Two Doors from
Cardinal Hotel
