# Sightseers Hampering St. Louis Aid to Work
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3. —Sightseers who
hamper relief work in tornado-wrecked
portions of St. Louis will be put to
work with pick and shovel, Chief of
Police Joseph Gerlc announced today
as a semblance of order replaced the
chaos that followed last week's tor
nado.
Recheck of the death toll showed SI
persons died as a result of the storm.
One body was recovered from the
wreckage today and two died from
injuries. Several had been listed twice
among the dead.
Referring to the sightseers, Chief
Gerk pointed out St. Louis was going
"to treat them the way tramps are
treated in the harvest fields —by put
ting tliem to work." The order will be
enforced with soldiers and police. The
chief explained drastic measures were
necessary to keep order.
