# UNION HOLDS SALE OF STUDENT SEATS FOR U.S.C. GAME
## 
### 
Students may purchase tickets
for the U.S.C.-Stanford game to
day and tomorrow from 9 till 5
o'clock in the lobby of the Old
Union. One rooter's ticket will be
allowed each applicant at $1 each.
Additional tickets in the prefer
red section may be purchased by
students to the number of four,
students may also purchase any
number of tickets in the general
section unless the sale of these
tickets passes expectations, in
which case the limit per student
will be four in this section also.
Applications for Big Game
tickets may be applied for in the
lobby of the Old Union, but stu
dents are warned that no tickets
will be allotted in Section 9, as
this section has been closed to
students.
