# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
Women students at U.C. will hold
their first annual football rally on
November 17.
