# Adv. 51 Page 23
## 
### 
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
i
A nocturnal animal, ir
: has seven Terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
curlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
