# Adv. 57 Page 26
## 
### 
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
mm i'-I
IK^
/A i
Protect your employees,
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer., call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free pamphlet,
"Helping Your
Employees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer " Start your
i company on a
policy of good
health today!
* AfMrion Cawar Sodaty
