# Untitled Article
## 
### 
If constant repetition and re
iteration do any good, then we
ought to be able to hope that some
time the appeal of the baseball
management that students should
not walk across the diamond will
be heeded.
If constant repetition and re
iteration do any good, then we
ought to be able to hope that some
time the appeal of the baseball
management that students should
not walk across the diamond will
be heeded.
If constant repetition and re
iteration do any good, then we
ought to be able to hope that some
time the appeal of the baseball
management that students should
not walk across the diamond will
be heeded.
If constant repetition and re
iteration do any good, then we
ought to be able to hope that some
time the appeal of the baseball
management that students should
not walk across the diamond will
be heeded.
If constant repetition and re
iteration do any good, then we
ought to be able to hope that some
time the appeal of the baseball
management that students should
not walk across the diamond will
be heeded.
