# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The debaters who will represent
us in the Carnot Medal contest
with the University of California
have been chosen. The interest in
this debate has been greater this
year than last but is not yet what
it should be. Berkeley attaches
quite as much importance to it ;is
to the Intercollegiate Debate. We
should not be behind them any in
this respect. Every effort should
be made to encourage the three who

will support the Cardinal in this
contest. Jt would he unfortunate
indeed were our rival to take this
medal out of our own chapel. Not
only should we encourage our de
haters in every way, but they them
selves should realize that they are
our representatives in an event of
great importance, and make every
possible preparation to insure us
against defeat.
