# Franchise for Electric Line.
## 
### 
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
A franchise has been granted by
the Board of Supervisors of Santa
Clara County for an electric rail
road between Palo Alto and San
Jose. The road will pass the new
site of Sartta Clara College near
Mountain View, and will skirt the
Stanford estate near Mayfield.
Surveyors are already in the field
on the preliminary work, and it is
stated that the construction of the
line will he pressed as rapidly as
possible.
