# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
—The main building of the Uni
versity of Missouri was destroyed
by fire last Saturday, entailing a
loss of $125,000.
