# Air Conditioning System Unlike Others on Farm
## 
### 
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
The Law Building's thermostatic
ally-controlled air conditioning sys
tem. different from any other on cam
pus, draws in fresh air. heats it with
ste -m from the University's ; team
plant, and releases il to the rooms
while used air is sucked out. The
double windows are not meant to be
opened.
