# SUNDAY MOVIE
## 
### 
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
This week's Sunday Movie will
feature "The Invisible Man lie
turns," with Vincent Price. Sir Ced
ric Hardwicke, and Nan Gray.
•'Paying the Piper" will ho one of
the cartoons.
