# ...And on the Inside
## 
### 

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#

ALL LAW SCHOOL functions have a placo in this new home
parti oI which are shown heie "horn the inside out." A com-

tollable utudent loung* and a faculty conferonce room aro
diuuag its ieatuxe*. —drawing by JoAxni Tutti#
