# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.

THERE WILL BE plenty to jump about at the intercollegiate horse show here beginning at 1:30
p.m. tomorrow. Two jumping events have been scheduled for the show which will draw riders
from five Bay Area colleges. The affair will be held near the Red Barn on the practice polo field.
