# RAEL WINS TO TOP TITLE
## 
### 
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
Joso Hhcl, classy Indian welter
weight. has been named (lie out
standing boxer of tbe past sea
son. In tbe annual banquet bold
last night at Che/ Yvonne, Hac-I
was awarded the Jack Hire Jr.
Trophy. Willie Alius won the cup
last year.
