# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
The key-operated elevator in the
Law School is used only by faculty
members and those unable to climb
stairs.
