# Untitled Article
## 
### 
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
THE CELLAR will close at 5 p.m.
starting next week to allow more
time for dinner preparations, stu
dent officials said yesterday.
