# Daily Editorial Staff To Meet Sunday at 1
## 
### 
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
Daily Editorial Board will have
its regular meeting Sunday at 12
m. The regular staff will meet at
1 and N.E.'s, H.C.E.'s, and UP. ed
itors will meet after the stafT
meeting. Afternoon club will be
served.
The stall' picture for the Quad
will be taken after the meeting.
Failure of the last picture neces
sitates the reshooting, so if you
want your face in the Quad, at
tend the meeting, according to
Nada Skidmore, editor.
