# Features
## Teaser toys with crossword puzzle 
### Paul de Figueiredo Staff writer 
As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

As the Christmas of 1913 ap
proached, editors of The New
York World turned to Alfred
Wynne, a journalist, to come
up with a "Fun" page for the
Sunday edition. For the occa
sion, Wynne devised a new
word game. He called it a
"Word-Cross," and originated
the modern day crossword puz
zle. The World first published
Wynne's game on December 21
and immediately caught
readers' attention.
The World received countless
letters requesting more Word-
Cross publications. Responding
to the massive interest, Wynne
changed the name of the puzzle
from "Word-Cross" to "Cros
sword."
Although Wynne's word
game was an original idea, it
sprang from a long history of
word games that had a lot in
common with his crossword.
The acrostic — a poem or puz
zle where the first letters of
each line spell out either a
word, name or phrase — was
popular in Britain and the
United States before the inven
tion of the crossword.
In 1924 Simon and Schuster
became the first company to
publish a crossword puzzle
book. Their crossword book
contained 50 puzzles and came
with a free pencil and eraser.
The book became a best seller
and ushered in a crossword
craze in the United States.
After considerable resis
tance, in 1930 The Times of
London published its first puz
zle. Since then, British cros
swords have differed dramati
cally from their American
counterparts.
British style crosswords are
filled with unchecked letters
and cryptic clues. Unchecked

letters add to one word only
and do not contribute to any
interlocking words. Puzzles
with many unchecked letters
are usually more difficult. The
cryptic clues contain hidden
meanings, unlike the fairly
straightforward clues found in
American crosswords.
For example, the clue — a
large city in Czechoslovakia,
four letters — has the answer
"Oslo."
Despite the difficulty in
British crosswords, Roy Dean
completed a Times crossword
puzzle in three minutes and 45
seconds in 1970.
And the biggest crossword of
all time ... That was made by
Robert Trucot, a Canadian. He
devised a crossword puzzle that
comprised 82,951 squares,
12,489 clues across and 13,125
clues down. The puzzle mea
sured over 38 square feet.
Although today's crossword
appearing in The Daily on page
15 is not as huge as Trucot's,
give it a try anyway.

