# Librarians Have Meeting.
## 
### 
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
The session of the Library Asso
ciation of California held here Sat
urday was accounted very success
ful by those who attended. In the
forenoon the visitors, representing
libraries from all parts of the State,
were shown about the campus. An
organ recital was given at noon,
and the formal meeting was held in
the University Library in the after
noon. Miss Helen Sutliff read an
interesting paper on "Library
Training." The paper on " Special
Problems of the University Li
brary," by J. D. Layman of the
University of California Library,
was instructive and enlightened
with a vein of humor. In a paper
entitled "Visits to European and
American Libraries," Dr. J. C.
Branner gave some reminiscences
of experiences in libraries during
his travels abroad.
