# Adv. 20 Page 5
## 
### 
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
dy^yfore
couples
comp to
Curly Ic
Jewelers
tor their
DIAMOND RINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most instances
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - tor the
same fine quality Diamonds
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Ccirlule
J JEWELERS
S3S Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
323 2834
I
