# Adv. 11 Page 5
## 
### 
WHITEWATER
RIVER TRIPS
AS LOW AS $12.50*
Rent raft, paddles, life vests,
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
run a river for only $12.50 each
Forgot about finals, go rafting
on the American or some other
California river 1
CALIFORNIA
WHITEWATER
OUTFITTERS
328-RAFT
WHITEWATER
RIVER TRIPS
AS LOW AS $12.50*
Rent raft, paddles, life vests,
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
run a river for only $12.50 each
Forgot about finals, go rafting
on the American or some other
California river 1
CALIFORNIA
WHITEWATER
OUTFITTERS
328-RAFT
WHITEWATER
RIVER TRIPS
AS LOW AS $12.50*
Rent raft, paddles, life vests,
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
run a river for only $12.50 each
Forgot about finals, go rafting
on the American or some other
California river 1
CALIFORNIA
WHITEWATER
OUTFITTERS
328-RAFT
WHITEWATER
RIVER TRIPS
AS LOW AS $12.50*
Rent raft, paddles, life vests,
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
run a river for only $12.50 each
Forgot about finals, go rafting
on the American or some other
California river 1
CALIFORNIA
WHITEWATER
OUTFITTERS
328-RAFT
WHITEWATER
RIVER TRIPS
AS LOW AS $12.50*
Rent raft, paddles, life vests,
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
run a river for only $12.50 each
Forgot about finals, go rafting
on the American or some other
California river 1
CALIFORNIA
WHITEWATER
OUTFITTERS
328-RAFT
WHITEWATER
RIVER TRIPS
AS LOW AS $12.50*
Rent raft, paddles, life vests,
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
run a river for only $12.50 each
Forgot about finals, go rafting
on the American or some other
California river 1
CALIFORNIA
WHITEWATER
OUTFITTERS
328-RAFT
WHITEWATER
RIVER TRIPS
AS LOW AS $12.50*
Rent raft, paddles, life vests,
bailers and life lines for only
$100 per day Eight people can
run a river for only $12.50 each
Forgot about finals, go rafting
on the American or some other
California river 1
CALIFORNIA
WHITEWATER
OUTFITTERS
328-RAFT
