# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Tune in on Those
Marvelous Pro
■
grams with a
Good Radio
Wc now have a limited supply
of radios at reasonable
prices
$17.95-$21.00
Four tubes, fine reception,
excellent tone
O
THE STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
