# QUAD GROUP PICTURE
## 
### 
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
4 p.m.—Cross-country team at the
track.
Lack of a course in humor is the
real tragedy of education, said an
ex-Chicago school superintendent j
recently,
