# FIJI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
Phi Gum<r.u Delta announces the
pledging of George Serfass, '37.
