# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
11 Don't worry and fret
over your car's mis
behavior. Our high- | j
ly skilled service fi t
men can put it to j
rights in a short 5
time, at low cost.
mI
PALO ALTO
! GARAGE
PHIL MIEBACH, '14, Prop.
440 Emerson St.
"CALLING ALL CARS"
