# Women Grads Plan Jolly-up in Nitery
## 
### 
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
Farm graduate men will be enter
tained by the graduate women at a
no-date Hallowe'en Dance, in the
Nitery Saturday from 8:30 to 12
o'clock, according to Helene New
brand, president of the graduate
women.
This will be the first event in the
program of the newly elected offi
cers of the organization, the follow
ing having recently been chosen:
president, Helene Newbrand; vice
president, Patricia McMurtry; treas
urer, Phoebe Baroody; secretary,
Marian Trembley; project chairman,
Virginia Sharpe; and social chair
man, Margaret Ratcliffe. The presi
dent is new to the campus, having
•come from Occidental College this
quarter.
A traffic expert discloses that one
out of five drivers regularly risks
his life. The assumption is that the
other four regularly risk some
body else's.
