# Summer Service Interviews Begin
## 
### 
Charles Schwiezo of the Ameri
can Friends Service Committee will
be here today to interview people
interested in summer service proj
ects. He will be in the "Y" office
on the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
"Y" members will be available at
the same time to answer questions
about "Y" summer projects. These
projects are listed under "Students
in Industry," "Students in Govern
ment," and others.
"Y" representatives remind stu
dents that the Summer Projects
scrapbook with information about
these activities and sample applica
tion blanks for them may be exam
ined any day. However, they urge
students to take advantage of the
opportunity to obtain more com
plete information about putting
their summer to profit.
