# Informer, Dividex Interviews Scheduled
## 
### 
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
Applicants for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Divi
dex must sign up for interviews in
the ASSU Ofiicc. Interviews will be
held next Tuesday from <1 to 6 in the
Excom room.
