# Tickets for Annual Senior Ball Go on Sale Monday in Union
## 
### 
Tickets to the Senior Ball, to be
held June 15 at the Diablo Country
Club, will go on sale Monday in
the ASSU office.
Although the dance is open to the
entire campus, only seniors may
buy tickets during the first two
weeks of sales. After that, tickets
will be available to all students.
The tickets, at $8 per couple, in
clude breakfast, use of the pool at
the club, and surprise favors.
Freddy Martin, his "singing saxo
phone" and orchestra, will provide
music for the ball. Featured with
the orchestra are vocalist Merve
Griffin and the Martin Men. While
breakfast is being served from 2 to
4 a.m., Alex Duchin and his or
chestra will furnish dance music.
Free bottles of champagne will be
raffled off every hour during the
evening. Pictures will be taken of
all couples who wisli to have free
souvenir photos.
Over 1,200 letters have been sent
out to graduates of fall and winter
quarters so they may obtain tickets
to the ball. Approximately 700
couples are expected.
The dance will last from 10 p.m.
until 2 a.m. Persons wishing to
spend the night may make reserva
tions by writing directly to the Dia
blo Country Club, Diablo, Calif.


FREDDY MARTIN
—Ti» play at Senior Ball
