# Big Three Peace Talk
## 
### 
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
LONDON The foreign ministers
of France, Britain, and the United
States opened a new discussion to
day of means to strengthen the West
against Soviet Russia in the Orient
and Europe.
"It is recognized that in the pres
ent world situation the preservation
of peace requires renewed efforts of
co-operation on all fields," a com
munique said, "particularly in the
building up of an effective defense
through (he North Atlantic Treaty
and the strengthening of the eco
nomic foundation of the Western
powers to support these efforts."
