# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
8' KRit
linon I M
my way
togeta J/.
MaltedGrape-Nuts
A drink that's a
world beater! Malted
Grape - Nuts, choco
late flavored. A great
drink — with all the
vital elements of a
famous food —now in
a new form. Taste the
smooth, rich creami
ness of this remark
able drink —today!
Malted Grape-Nuts
Chocolate
Flavored
C 1925 P C. Co.
