# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
• I
Bridge Lamp Priced
Very Special at
$3.25
This lamp has a wrought iron
stand, and parchment shade in
pleasing colors. Complete with
cord and socket. Just the lamp
for studying or reading. Only a
limited number at this price.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
