# SWIMMING FAVORED
## 
### 
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
Not less than 1000 women use the
swimming tank of the University of
California each week, according to
the Women's Athletic Association of
the university. Swimming is the most
popular sport indulged in by the uni
versity women.
