# CHEER COURSE ESTABLISHED
## 
### 
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
Purdue University recently estab
lished a course in cheer leading be
cause the athletic teams of the uni
versity have been below par for the
last three years. It is necessary to
make use of all available material be
cause of the small student body. The
course will include mob psychology by
an instructor in the English depart
ment, as well as classes in cheering
under the supervision of former head
cheer leaders.
