# AFTERNOON CLASSES REQUIRED
## 
### 
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
Students in the University of Indi
ana are required to take at least one
third of their studies in afternoon
classes. The majority of the 287 stu
dents who were excused from the
ruling gave part-time employment as
their .reason for non-compliance with
requirements.
