# AUTO REGISTRATION FEES BRING REVENUE
## 
### 
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
America is a veritable nation on
wheels, and willingly or unwillingly, is
paying generously to revolve them, ac
cording to the California State Auto
mobile Association which points out
that 17,716,709 motor vehicles were
registered in the United States during
the lirst six months of this year and
that during that period motorists paid
in the form of registration fees, li
censes, permits, and Federal war taxes
a total of $288,889,709.
Registrations during the first six
months this year increased 13.9 per
cent over the same period last year. In
the total registrations are included
15,519,647 passenger cars, 2,114,750
trucks, and 82,312 taxis, buses, and
cars for hire.
Total gross receipts from registra
tion fees, licenses, permits, etc.,
amounted to $226,899,709. War excise
taxes on motor vehicles collected by
the Federal Government increased the
motorists' tax bill during this period
by $02,000,000, a grand total of $288,-
899,709.
