# TICKETS ON SALE
## 
### 
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
Tickets for the Branner Club infor
mal, which will be given on October
31, are now available to club mem
bers and may be obtained from any
member of the dance committee of
which W. H. Jacobs is chairman. Other
tnembers of the committee are: Ber
nard S. Collens, Horace L. Edmondson,
Joel C. Hertsche, Theodore F. Baer,
John E. Truman, James M. Blackford,
Samuel Miller, John D. Van Amringe,
Gerald P. Windsor, and Orvin P. Fry.
