# ALUMNA WRITES BOOK
## 
### 
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
Dr. Ruby Green Smith, '02, is on
sabbatical leave from her position on
the Cornell University faculty, and is
writing a textbook and a novel. Her
husband, A. W. Smith, author of "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," is writing his second
seris of biographies of famous engi
neers. Miss Ruth Althea Smith, their
daughter, is a member of the class of
'27. f
