# OSC. Cal Win PCC Contests
## 
### 
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
Oregon State made themselves
definite Hose Bowl contenders
over the last weekend by rolling
past UCLA. 21-7. Fullback Tom
Berry bucked over for all three
I Beaver tallies.
California capitalized on sev
eral breaks to roll past Washing
ton, 16-7. The Bears led by a 9-0
margin at half-time. Luther Carr
I of the Huskies exploded with a
1 76-yard burst in the fourth pe-
I riod.
Oregon's speed fell before the
powgr of Pittsburgh in the ste»»l
j city, 14-7. Halfback Jim Shanley
scooted 69 yards on a punt return
j to set up the Webfoots' score.
Washington State was handily
walloped by College of Pacific,
33-12, in Pullman. Orphan Idaho
upset a strong Utah team, 27-21.
Utah came within orfe touchdown
of UCLA earlier in the season.
Major shocker on the national
scene was Illinois' 20-13 triumph
over Michigan State. Ohio State
whitewashed Wisconsin, 21-0, and
lowa edged Purdue, 21-20, in oth
er important Big Ten contests.
