# Russ Steele Wed Here Yesterday
## 
### 
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
Russ Steele, junior center on
Stanford's football team, was
married to Jo Anne Blatnic of
Concord, California, yesterday.
The ceremony was held at 3 p.m.
in Memorial Church.
The Rev. R. M. Minto, Stanford
chaplain, performed the cere
mony. A reception was held at
the Delta Tau Delta fraternity
house after the wedding. Steele
is a member of that fraternity.
Steele sat out his entire sopho
more gridiron year because of
injuries.
