# Sign-ups for Train To UCLA Begin At ASSU Office
## 
### 
Students interested in taking a
rooters' train to Los Angeles and
the UCLA game next weekend
may sign up at the ASSU office.
Round-trip tickets for the trip
cost $17.93.
At present 13 coaches are being
reserved for student rooters on a
train leaving Palo Alto at 8:27
p.m. Friday. If enough students
sign up for the trip, the number
of cars will be increased and the
rooters given a separate train,
according to Rally Committee.
The 13-car train now includes
five coaches for the Stanford
Band and four for other students,
plus four special cars.
The train will arrive at the
Glendale statjon at 6:10 Saturday
morning. The band will get off
there. Then the train will contin
ue to Union Station in Los Ange
les and will arrive at 6:45.
Students making the trip will
have transportation furnished
when they reach Los Angeles, ac
cording to Rally Committee.
Members of various Stanford or
ganizations will meet the train
and take the rooters where they
are going.
No limit has been placed on the
number of coaches to be re
served.
