# GEOLOGISTS WILL SMOKE
## Department Get-Together Is Set For Saturday Evening 
### 
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
The Geology and Mining Society de
cided yesterday afternoon to hold a
departmental smoker on the evening
of January 22. The speakers of the
occasion will be Professors Hailey
Willis, J. P. Smith, and D. M. Folsom.
All students of the Geology and Min
ing department are expected to be
there. The place has not been def
initely fixed, but in all probability
will be the Union. Fifty cents is the
admission.
