# Work It Out Together
## 
### 
Co-operation seems to be the word
denoting the process which will load
to the proper solution of the coach
ing question. Conferences of student
organizations, the talk of Dr. Murray
at last night's rally, and the public
statement concerning what occurred
at the alumni luncheon with Dr. Wil
bur in San Francisco yesterday, all
seem to indicate the conclusion that
a solution of the tangled problem can
be worked out without any friction
between the elements whose interests
are involved.
There is no use denying that there
are different opinions concerning
what should be done about coaches
held by the different elements. But
those differences do not appear to be
as great as was at first supposed.
The last thing to be encouraged is
hostile action on the part of any of
those who have interests involved,
without first seeking a solution
through co-operation.
