# Japan Delegates To Be Selected
## 
### 
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
Four delegates will be chosen next
Friday by Professors Yamato Ichi
hashi and Payson J. Treet to attend
the annual America-Japan Student
Conference to be held August 1 to 8
on the Stanford campus.
Juniors and seniors are eligible,
and choices will be made after per
sonal interviews with applicants.
Delegates to this conference will
have a chance of being sent to the
1938 session of the conference in
Japan.
During the conference week,
mornings will be spent in lectures
and round-table discussions of vari
ous American-Japanese problems.
Much of each day will be left for
athletics and getting acquainted with
delegates from Japan and from other
parts of the United tSates.
Further information can be ob
tained from Hortense Spoehr, Es
ther Pelton, George Campbell, or
Don Strauss.
