# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
what the
JL
campus has
is
a good 35c lunch and din
ner. the finest of food and
the best of cooking is be
ing served daily, you get
enough to eat, too.
save an additional 10',.
buy a meal ticket.
Stanford union
cafeteria
