# COLLEGE LEADERS MEET TO DISCUSS WORLD PROBLEMS
## 
### 
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
Td stimulate an objective interest
in the big issues of current events
and world affairs, the student body
presidents of the eleven colleges and
universities of Southern California
are sponsoring a symposium on
"America and the World Situation.''
A nationwide broadcast over the
National Broadcasting Company
chain will carry the speeches of Dr.
Albert Einstein, Dr. Wm. B. Munro,
and Mr. Henry M. Robinson over all
the United States on the evening of
January 23. The session will be cen
tered in the Civic Auditorium in
Pasadena.
The program will start at 7:45
o'clock with Rice Ober, Occidental
College, president of the Southern
California Student Body Presidents
Association, presiding. He is to in
troduce H. Rawlins Overton, presi
dent of the associated students of
the University of Redlands, who will
present the student's point of view
in speaking on "The American Stu
dent and His Relation to World
Problems."
Introduced by Dr. Robert A. Mil
likan, Nobel Prize winner and pio
neer in cosmic ray research work,
Dr. Albert Einstein, will open the
symposium, perhaps in English, in
stead of his usual German.
Following Dr. Einstein on the pro
gram will be Henry M. Robinson,
prominent American economist. In
conclusion, Dr. Munro, noted au
thority on history and government,
will discuss the political aspects of
the world situation.
EVERETT, Wis.—Gillnetter A. V.
Zuanich fished id! night, caught
nothing. His only fish, a 10-pound
salmon, jumped into his boat.
