# SOPHS AND FROSH TANGLE IN OPENING INTERCLASS WATER POLO CONTEST TODAY
## 
### 
With five members of the varsity
squad in their ranks, the sophomore
water polo team is strongly favored
to defeat the freshman tank artists
in the opening interclass game in
Encina Pool this afternoon.
Led by Vlad Taranik, sensational
varsity guard, and including the en
tire forward wall of the first team
in Jimmy Benet, Jim Triolo, and
Dick Hirsch, the men ol' '35 should
have an abundance of scoring
power. In addition, they will have
the services of Leo Cooke, sensa
tional goal guard, who is making
Captain Burke Knapp fight to hold
his varsity position. Chuck Boothe
and Bunny Fry, both guards, round
out the sophomore team.
Although the freshmen have had
little actual experience, they have
plenty of potential strength in Cap
tain De Myers and Bill Woodard, a
couple of fast-breaking guards, who
have shown up well in scrimmages
and practice games.

Other members of the '36 team are
Charles Danforth, Elliot Viney, and
Elbert Rulison, forwards; Pierson
Deane, centerback; and Ken Living
ston, goal.
Last year's championship junior
team will clash with the seniors to
morrow afternoon, the winner to
play the winner of today's game
Saturday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
The two losing teams also will play
at that time.
