# PROSPECTS FOR INDIAN'S BOXING SEASON BRIGHT
## Stanford Team Will Meet Cal Aggies In First Collegiate Tilt 
### 
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
Swinging into action with the all-
University tournament February 2,
Stanford's potentially great boxing
team opens a schedule which in
cludes four meets with other col
leges and is climaxed by the Far
Western Intercollegiates.
Following the all-University fights,
California Aggies will come to
Stanford to give the Card boxers
their first taste of intercollegiate
competition of the year on February
fl. The first of the two meets with
California will be fought at Berkeley
February 23 while the Indians travel
to Davis for a return engagement
with the Aggies, March 3, and en
tertain the Bears in the local ring
March 14.
The Far Western Intercollegiate
tournament at Sacramento March G
iind 7, in which most of the leading
coast schools will participate, will
probably close the Card schedule. In
addition to Stanford, teams will be
entered from California, Washing
ton, U.C.L.A., Nevada, California
Aggies, and possibly U.S.C. and San
Francisco University.
Present indications show that the
squad led by Captain Fred Glover
should be one of the strongest box
ing teams ever to represent Stan
ford. Outstanding men are available
in every event with the possible ex
ception of the heavyweight division,
which problem may be solved by
Palamountain. Keith Topping's work
in the novice tournament several
months ago stamped him as an out
standing light-heavyweight.
