# BRUENING
## 
### 

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.

Dr. Heinnich Bruening, centrist
leader, who has formed a new German
cabinet to succeed the Mueller
government.
