# Nevada Wants Another Game.
## 
### 
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
The manager of the Rugby team of
the University of Nevada is anxious
to hold a post season game with
Stanford at Reno and Graduate Man
ager D. D. Sales is seriously consid
ering the feasibility of the project.
The Nevadans offer to pay all ex
penses and believe the match would
prove a drawing card at the metro
polis of the neighboring state. It
will be necessary to obtain permis
sion from the faculty before arrange
ments are made.
