# DR. JORDAN TO LECTURE ON EVOLUTION WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will
give the first of a series of lec
tures on "Evolution" Wednesday
afternoon at 4:15 in the Little
Theatre.
Although of particular interest
to teachers and students in the
Department of Education, these
lectures are open to the public.
Dr. Jordan is nationally known
for his studies in evolution, and
these talks will embody the fruit
of his research.
