# Oil Economics Expert to Speak
## 
### 
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
Dr. Richard J. Gonzales, leading
U.S. figure in the economics of
the petroleum industry, will give
two public lectures at Stanford
today.
His talk on "Mineral Resources
for an Expanding Population" will
he given at 4 p.m. in the Physics
Lecture Hall. At 8 p.m., in the
same hall, he will discuss "Petro
leum for Economic Progress."
