# IIR Sponsors Yosemite Trip
## 
### 
International Center will spon
sor an Easter Week trip to Yo
semito National Park. Students
must signup in Ihe I-Center by
tomorrow.
The group will depart by car
Monday morning, March 27 and
arrive at Yosemite Valley in the
early afternoon. Accommodations
will be provided in heated cabins
at Camp Curry, with meals avail
able at Yosemite Lodge cafeteria
and coffee shop.
On March 31, the group will
spend the weekend as guests in
the San Joaquin Valley before re
turning to Stanford on Easter
Sunday, April 2.
Costs for lodging, transporta
tion and admission to Yosemite
Park is $H> per person. Meals, at
moderate prices, will bp paid by
the indi\idual.
