# NEWLY CROWNED QUEEN
## 
### 
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
Floss Haines representing
the Air Force, was crown
ed queen of the Military
Ball Saturday night at the
Sheraton Pa lace. Miss
Haines is currently the
vice president of the
sophomore class, and last
year served on frosh ex
com and was president of
Roble spring quarter. She
is a poli sci major from
Salt Lake City.


Daily photo by Carl Oliver
