# Alpha.
## 
### 
Program, October 17. —Speech:
Oskison; debate, "Resolved, Thai
the French form of government is
more conducive to the attainment
of political reform and progress
than the American form"; affirm
ative, O'Neil, Painter; negative,
Peck, Davidson.
Program, October 17. —Speech:
Oskison; debate, "Resolved, Thai
the French form of government is
more conducive to the attainment
of political reform and progress
than the American form"; affirm
ative, O'Neil, Painter; negative,
Peck, Davidson.
Program, October 17. —Speech:
Oskison; debate, "Resolved, Thai
the French form of government is
more conducive to the attainment
of political reform and progress
than the American form"; affirm
ative, O'Neil, Painter; negative,
Peck, Davidson.
Program, October 17. —Speech:
Oskison; debate, "Resolved, Thai
the French form of government is
more conducive to the attainment
of political reform and progress
than the American form"; affirm
ative, O'Neil, Painter; negative,
Peck, Davidson.
Program, October 17. —Speech:
Oskison; debate, "Resolved, Thai
the French form of government is
more conducive to the attainment
of political reform and progress
than the American form"; affirm
ative, O'Neil, Painter; negative,
Peck, Davidson.
