# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Phk discussion of the money
question, which was today finished
in the class in Practical Politics,
has been noteworthy in one respect:
that is, the almost complete ab
sence of any display of party feel
ing on the part of the audience or
the members of the class. During
the course of the lectures tlw;re have
been points brought out which, as
serted before listeners anxious to
hear only their side of the case,
would have called forth applause.
Hut here, looking at the subject in
an impartial and scientific light,
students have refrained from any
personal display. This is an illus
tration of the fact that college stu
dents can study political subjects
without giving way to individual or
party feelings.
