# Col. McCaskey Inspects R.O.T.C. Tomorrow
## 
### 
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
Colonel McCaskey will conduct the
regular annual Inspection of the Stan
ford R. O. T. C. unit tomorrow morn
ing between 9 and 12. according to
notice received at Captain Parker's
oflice this morning. All members of
the unit will be excused from classes,
and will report at 8:20 for roll calll
at the grounds near the gym building.
Colonell McCaskey arrives tomor
row morning, and will proceed direct,
from the train to the work of inspect
ing the local organization. Captain
Parker urges that all members of the
training corps report promptly and in
good condition, as much of the future
of the military unit at Stanford de
pends on the showing made in the
morning.
