# IN THE HOSPITAL
## 
### 
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
The following students were
reported in the Palo Alto Hos
pital yesterday:
David McDaniel
Kernick Smith
E. Lesley
Dorothy Zitkowski
Earl Reed
A. B. Greniner
