# MORGAN TO PRODUCE PLAY OF FILM STAR
## 
### 
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
Dickson Morgan, '16, has been
chosen by Laura D. Wilck to pro
duce "Made in France," a play star
ring Lya de Putti, Hollywood film
star who played opposite Emil Jan
nings in the film "Variety." For a
number of years Morgan has been
associated in play production with
Thomas Wilkes. While at Stanford
he was active in dramatics and was
the author of the junior opera, "In
Dutch,"
