# SINGERS WILL GIVE BRAHMS ORATORIO ON ARMISTICE DAY
## 
### 
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
Because of the Roble Jolly-up to
night both choir and oratorio prac
tice have been set ten minutes later
than the scheduled time. The choir
will meet at 7:40 and the full chorus
of the oratorio at 8:30 o'clock in
Memorial Church.
The oratorio work will consist of
training in Brahm's "Requiem,"
considered a masterpiece of choral
music, to be sung in Memorial
Church with a full orchestra the
night of November 11, Armistice
Day. More voices are needed to take
the place of students who graduated
last year and of those who are not
registered this quarter. All men and
women with singing experience who
can come to the twelve rehearsals
may apply for membership. The re
hearsals will be held approximately
three times a week.
Oratorio credit will be granted for
the twelve hours' work ending No
vember 11. Membership in the Uni
versity choir is not a requirement
for oratorio but students passing
the voice test are encouraged to
register for both.
