# SORCERIES CHARGED IN WISCONSIN COURT
## 
### 
•JANESVILLE, Wis., Oct. 8. (/P)—
It was a day for witches and wiz
ards.
Rain pelted the windows of the
municipal court room in which a
member of the State Board of Medi
cal Examiners listened to charges of
sorcery against Henry Dorn, 64-
year-old German farmer.
His sister, Mrs. Herman Prey, her
family, and neighbors whom Dom
blamed for the tales of sorcery and
magic, huddled on a single bench in
fhe little courtroom. The wind
whined, and rattled the windows
eerily.
Harry Fox, assistant district at
torney, and Walter A. Drews of the
State Board of Medical Examiners,
conducted the hearing. They ex
pressed themselves today as con
vinced that the charges of sorcery
against Dorn were without founda
tion.
