# SOVIET FILM TO BE PRESENTED TONIGHT IN ASSEMBLY HALL
## 
### 
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
"Ivan the Terrible," a Russian
motion picture highly praised when
it was shown at the Moscow Art
Theatre in New York, will be of
fered to Stanford students at K
o'clock tonight in the Assembly Hall
under the auspices of the English
Club. The picture is the first of a
series to be shown throughout the
year by the club.
Perplexities of Einstein's famous
theory of relativity will be graphic
ally elucidated in the second fea
ture of the evening, a novel four
reel film which attempts to explain
the profundities of the German's
theory. Two special foreign produc
tions and a cartoon comedy will also
be shown.
