# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
# ■■■■
FRIDAY
5:09 p.m.—German Club will start
from the Women's Clubhouse for a
picnic at Roble Bridge.
8:00 p.m.—Faculty Club meeting in
the Faculty Clubhouse.
SUNDAY
6:00 p.m.—Stanford Episcopal Club,
Hamilton at Waverley. Professor
Percy A. Martin of the Stanford
History Department will speak on
the West Indies. All students in
vited.
TUESDAY
AH freshman or sophomore men wish
ing to try out for Business Depart
ment of Chaparral report to Chapar
ral office in Press Building.
MISCELLANEOUS
All people taking subscriptions for
Chappie must turn in their books
at once to Dick Holt, Manager.
All freshmen are asked to turn in
their names for work on the bonfire
immediately. They may sign lists
placed in the lobby of Encina Hall
or may see Austin Clapp and Dick
Brodiriclt, freshman members of the
Labor Committee. Cars are wanted
and any freshmen having automo
biles should notify one of the com
mitteemen.
ANYONE interested in working for a
free ticket to the Sousa and His
Band Concert, Nov. 6, see Sid Mad
den in the Associated Students of
fice, Old Union, between 7:30 and
8: SO tonight.
Faculty swimming class is open to
Stanford Dames for this week at
special prices.
All those who will not be at the Uni
versity during the winter and spring
quarters and who wish to have their
pictures in the Quad, must make
their appointments immediately in
the Women's Clubhouse. All others,
too, are requested to make their ap
pointments aa soon as possible.
Many have not yet called for their
proofs; they should do so at once.
All students who have tlveir proofs
must return the ones they desire
to put in the Quad without delay.
Any Junior or Sophomore man inter
ested in trying out fior Debate Man
ager get in touch with Steve Hal
sted immediately. For particulars,
Box 8S or 237 Toyon Hall.
