# CAR PRODUCTION LARGE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1.
tion of pleasure cars and trucks in
this country during the first ten
months of 1928 totaled 4,068,727, sur
passing all previous marks for a cor
responding period.
