# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
I
GET IN
THE SWIM—
With a selection from our
complete stock of swim
trunks — beach robe's —
polo shirts
Rooaßro*
ENCINA SHOP
Frank Alustixa '36
Carl Schott '37
