# Adv. 10 Page 2
## 
### 
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
sc£crtAjiA,
SPECIAL
for
STANFORD
WOMEN
The following Stanford
women will model sports
wear for the collegienne
Moira Ford
Barbara Hulse
Annabelle Simpson
Anne Weymouth
Wednesday, 2 p.m.
f
520 Ramon.i
