# Adv. 11 Page 2
## 
### 
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
Marry the Girl!
BUT . . .
Own enough life insurance to
assure her the comforts of life
that you would have her enjoy.
Low rates available to college
students.
SEE
E. P. LINCOLN
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE CO.
163 University Ave. P.A. 6945
