# Women's Tuition Applications Due
## 
### 
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
Applications for women's tuition
notes for summer and fall quarter of
this year must be made at the office
of the Dean of Women this week.
The office will be open today
'through Friday from 8:30 to 12 and
1:30 to 5, and Saturday morning from
8:30 to 12. Applicants must call at
the office to discuss their requests.

Utopia, Kansas, according to the
last census, has six inhabitants.
