# Lagunita To Elect Court Officers
## 
### 
Lagunita Court wjll hold elections
tomorrow for the Club officers. Be
cause there will be two casas next
fall quarter with an additional 80
residents, the duties of the vice
president will be divided between
two women, one will have charge of
all activities within the dormitory,
and the other all interdorm-func
tions.
Running for president are: Jean
Harris, Winifred Jean Smith and
Sallee Wilson. For first vice-presi
dent in charge of outside activities
are: Lee Albertson, Gertrude Bauer,
Elise Cahn, Suzanne Hammond,
Henrietta Nisson, and Lois Persons.
Marie Eaton, Margaret Hale, Eleanor
Jansen, Maybelle Ley. Natalie Mil
lard, Lee Phenix, and Enid Vestal
are running for second vice-presi
dent.
Mary Sladen is the only candidate
for the office of chairman of the
committee of five.
