# Adv. 18 Page 3
## 
### 
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
j
Expert
Watch Repairing
•
The Upstairs Repair
Shop where low overhead
means lower prices . . .
with first - class work
manship guaranteed.
R. E. MORRIS
172 University Avenue
Upstairs Thoits Shoe Store
