# Publisher Predicts Trouble in Orient
## 
### 
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
HONOLULU, Nov. 17 (UP).—The
liner President Coolidge arrived
from Japan today, carrying many
American evacuees from the Orient,
including Wilfred Fleisher, former
editor of the American-owned Japan
Advertiser, who said conditions in
the Orient are "bad and will be
come worse."
"I talked to Foreign Minister
Yosuke Matsuoka shortly before my
departure from Tokyo," Fleisher
said, "and he held out no hope for
settlement of American-Japanese
issues. Matsuoka has more hope for
peace in China than for peace with
the United States."
