# O'Brien to Take Government Job
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17 (UP).â€”
Davcy O'Brien, ace passer of the
Philadelphia Eagles professional
football team, will retire fi - om the
game at the end of the current sea
son to become a G-man.
It was learned today that O'Brien
will be appointed a special agent
of the Federal Bureau of Investiga
tion when the pro football cam
paign closes a few weeks hence.
O'Brien, former Texas Christian
University star will undergo i
seven-week training course at the
F.8.1.'s Quantico, Va., school.
When a car will not. start in wel
weather, look for moisture at the
distributor and spark plugs. An>
wet ignition should be wiped dr>
before again trying to start the car
