# Toyon To Remain Closed For Summer Renovation
## 
### 
Toyon Hall will be closed to stu
dents during the entire summer
quarter, according to a statement
made yesterday by Eliot Ayrcs, di
rector of men's dormitories.
The hall is to undergo a complete
renovation, which will make this
summer the first one during which
it will not be open. Encina and Se
quoia will also be closed, so Bran
ner and the Old Union will be the
only men's dormitories to be occu
pied.
Since the Old Union rooms are
already taken, all men wishing to
live in halls this summer must re
serve their Branner rooms on June
4 and 5 at the office of the Dean
of Men. The payment of the reg
ular $5 room deposit will be re
quired, and men now living in
Branner are especially asked to
apply early.
