# 100% Perfect Eyesight Found in Test of Fifty
## 
### 
In testing the eyes of 50 students
to aid in the research being clone
for the benefit of persons with read
ing problems, Dr. Gordon Smith of
Palo Alto found that all who took
the tests had normal vision.
Examinations were made of stu
dents taken at random from hygiene
classes and compared to those given
to students who have difficulty in
reading. The results showed that
nearly all those who were poor read
ers had some physical eye defect,
while the 50 average students were
found to have unimpaired eyesight.
The tests were given in connection
with work being done by C. Gilbert
Wrenn, assistant registrar for Stu
dent Personnel, in solving the prob
lems of students who have difficulty
in reading, studying, and organizing
their time.
