# ATTAINS SECLUSION
## 
### 
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 30
(/P).—John D. Rockefeller, Sr., ap
proaching 95, wants—and has just
about attained—complete seclusion
from the world at large.
