# Prep School Champ
## 
### 

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)

Louis 7amperini, Torrance, Cat.,
high school athlete, winning the
mile run of the California Inter,
scholastic Federation in Berkeley
in record titne. The youth stepped
the distance in 4:27.8 minutes, a
new record for the meet but his
fastest mile made «arlier this sen-
I son was 4:21.8. (Associated Press
j Photo)
