# OFFICERS QUELL WATERFRONT RIOT WITH CLUBS, GAS
## 
### 


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)


Two views of mounted police rounding up strikers on the San Francisco waterfront after an estimated
1000 to 2000 meri charged officers attempting to disperse what they called a "noisy demonstration." The
striking longshoremen were beaten back by tear gas and nightsticks. There were half a dozen seriously
iniured and jcores cut and bruised in the melee. (Associated Press Photos)
