# NAVY PLANE CRASHES AT BAY MEADOWS MEET
## 
### 
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
SAN MATEO, Feb. 24 (UP).—A
military plane crashed during the
running of races at the Bay Mead
ows race track today in the full
view of thousands of horse race
fans.
