# DeVault Indicted On Draft Charge
## 
### 
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
Dr. Don Charles DeVault, former
research associate in chemistry at
Stanford, was indicted by the fed
eral grand jury in San Francisco
yesterday for failure to report for
induction. Bail for DeVault, who
did not appear before the grand
jury, was fixed at SI,OOO.
DeVault, whose home is in South
Pasadena, appeared before U.S.
Commissioner Francis St. J. Fox on
Feb. 4, and stated that he would be
willing to help the wounded under
fire if he could serve in a civilian
capacity but said he would not wear
military uniform because he was
"against the use of force."
DeVault has stated that his con
victions are much like those of con
scientious objectors in other coun
tries—namely, that war is wrong.
