# DAILY SPORTS
## Delta Chi. Toro Playoffs Today 
### 
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
Delta Chi meets the hard-swat
ting El Toro squad in an intramural
handball tournament final today
from 1 to 3 p.m. in the Men's Gym,
Director Ray Hammett announced
yesterday.
Charles Taylor, erstwhile football
player, stars for the Delta Chi out
tit, the defending champs in the
handball circuit. They run up
against a powerful Bull Club squad
bulwarked by Al Hoisch, also of
football fame, and the quarterback
Hammett himself.
In the semi-final match of the
afternon, Zeta Psi tangles with
Theta Delta Chi. The winner of this
matching will play Alpha Delt on
Tuesday.
Finals are scheduled for next
Thursday.
