# Daily Editorial Staff To Meet Sunday at 1
## 
### 
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
Editorial stalT members of the
Daily will meet as usual this
Sunday at 1 p.m. Head copy edi
tors will meet at 12:15 and night
editors immediately following the
general meeting.
Editorial hoard will meet at 12.
All stalT members not able to at
tend should leave an excuse for
Gloria Brooks, staff editor.
