# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
Lieutenant Alfred Whittell, Jr., a
Chi Psi from Stanford, has been
awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross for outstanding achievement
in the India-Burma theater.
