# 'Waltz' Tickets Are Still On Sale
## 
### 
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
Tickets to the Ventura-Roble-
Branner spring formal, "Our Waltz,"
on May 19, are still on sale today
in the freshmen women's halls for
$2, and the chairmen of the dance
are advising Stanford women to ask
(heir men now. However, there will
be a great many blind dates which
will be arranged by the freshmen
social chairmen for those desiring
them.
Casa Ventura is in charge of this
formal and is being helped by the
two other freshmen halls. In addi
tion to Renee Cohu, chairman, the
committees include Letitia Tebbe.
patrons; Peggy Cox, tickets; Pat
Gammon, treasurer; Margaret Pow
ers, refreshments; Virginia Palmer,

clean-up; Lindy Carter and Eve
Borde, decorations and arrange
ments; and Enola Andrewsj George
anne Parsons, and Barbara Viault,
publicity.
