# Bridge Tourneys Begin Semi-finals
## 
### 
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
Tlie Interfraternity Bridge Tour
nament has readied the semifinals
with the following teams still re
maining: Phi Delta Tlieta, Phi Kap
,pa Psi, A.K.L., A.T.0., and D.K.E.
The five teams will engage in a
round-robin playofl and the team
with the highest won-and-lost rec
ord will win the championship. The
tournament is being managed by Bob
Breckner, Alpha Delta Phi.
