# Fellowship Croups To Hold Sunday Services, Firesides
## 
### 
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
Fellowship groups on campus will
hold their regular Sunday evening
services and firesides this Sunday.
Guest speakers will talk on subjects
of timely interest.
