# Adv. 4 Page 1
## 
### 
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
Reg Figures Show
Ratio Stays Same
Figures for Spring: regis
tration were released last
night by Registrar Harvey
Hall. As of noon yesterday,
the figures were:
6293 men, which is 201
more than a comparable time
last year; and 2103 women,
which is 108 more than last
year. That is a total of 8396
undegraduates registered for
this quarter.
