# YWCA, WUS End Drive This Week
## 
### 
The YWCA and the World Uni
versity Service book and clothing
drive will end this week. The
drive, which began in dead week,
was scheduled for this time in
hope that students would donate
the extra . clothing and books
which usually turn up at the end
of a quarter.
The clothes, which must be
clean and in good repair (shoes
cannot be accepted I, will be sent
to Pope Pius XII College in Basu
toland, a British protectorate in
South Africa.
The books will he sent to Hong
Kong arid India through the Asia
Foundation. Secondary level texts
In all fields except foreign lan
guages published since 1945 and
even earlier classics texts are |
needed.
There should be a box for dona
tions in each living group.
