# Corrections Made For Election Dates
## 
### 
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
The election dates pub
lished in the spring quarter
calendar have been moved up
on week, according to ASSU
President Bob Sayler. The
discussion on the new con
stitution will be next Mon
day instead of tonight. The
ASSU primary elections will
lx* April 35 and 36, and the
ASSU final elections will be,
postponed until May 2 and 8.
