# Baez to Give Folk Concert
## 
### 
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
Joan Baez will return to the
locale where her folk singing ca
reer began when she appears at
Stanford on Monday, April 9, 8
p.m., in a concert presented by
El Campo.
Her self-developed soprano
voice, which has won her acclaim
as “Queen of American folk sing
ers” (Life Magazine Mar. 9,
1962), was heard in Palo Alto
while she was in her early teens.
However, national recognition
came only after 1958, when she
appeared at the Gate of Horn in
Chicago, which has featured such
famous folk singers as Josh
White. The Newport Folk Festi
val in 1959, television perform
ances. and several lop albums for
Vanguard have aided her rise.
Tickets are still available at the
Memorial Auditorium Box Office.
