# Sophisticated Twist
## 
### 
The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

The Limeliters of hungry i fame will present a program of inter
national folk songs this Friday at 8 p.m. in Memorial Auditorium.
Stanford people are invited to hear the trio which gives folk songs
a modern, sophisticated twist. The trio accompany their singing
with guitar, played by Limeliter Glenn Yarhrough, bass by Lou
Gottlieb, and banjo by Alex Ilassilev. Tickets are on sale at the
Memorial Auditorium box office at $1.25 per person.

