# Woman's Field Meet Postponed.
## 
### 
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
Owing to the storm and the bad
condition of the field at Roble Gym
nasium Saturday, the field meet,
which was scheduled for that day,
