# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dear Amy,
This graduation day you have
transformed a big, big dream into
reality. Your Stanford years have
challenged, provoked and given
you the confidence to take on the
world. And you are about to do
just that — in the Peace Corps!
We are so proud of all you have
accomplished. We love and admire
the young woman you have
become!
Love,
Mom, Ashley and Mattie

Dear Amy,
This graduation day you have
transformed a big, big dream into
reality. Your Stanford years have
challenged, provoked and given
you the confidence to take on the
world. And you are about to do
just that — in the Peace Corps!
We are so proud of all you have
accomplished. We love and admire
the young woman you have
become!
Love,
Mom, Ashley and Mattie

Dear Amy,
This graduation day you have
transformed a big, big dream into
reality. Your Stanford years have
challenged, provoked and given
you the confidence to take on the
world. And you are about to do
just that — in the Peace Corps!
We are so proud of all you have
accomplished. We love and admire
the young woman you have
become!
Love,
Mom, Ashley and Mattie

Dear Amy,
This graduation day you have
transformed a big, big dream into
reality. Your Stanford years have
challenged, provoked and given
you the confidence to take on the
world. And you are about to do
just that — in the Peace Corps!
We are so proud of all you have
accomplished. We love and admire
the young woman you have
become!
Love,
Mom, Ashley and Mattie

Dear Amy,
This graduation day you have
transformed a big, big dream into
reality. Your Stanford years have
challenged, provoked and given
you the confidence to take on the
world. And you are about to do
just that — in the Peace Corps!
We are so proud of all you have
accomplished. We love and admire
the young woman you have
become!
Love,
Mom, Ashley and Mattie

Dear Amy,
This graduation day you have
transformed a big, big dream into
reality. Your Stanford years have
challenged, provoked and given
you the confidence to take on the
world. And you are about to do
just that — in the Peace Corps!
We are so proud of all you have
accomplished. We love and admire
the young woman you have
become!
Love,
Mom, Ashley and Mattie

