# Frosh Face Menlo Saturday Morning
## 
### 
With Menlo Junior College as oppo
sition this coming Saturday morn
ing, Bill Ellington's frosh cindermen
swing into their last three weeks of
practice before the all-important
Little Big Meet with the California
yearlings on April 20.
Menlo, according to past perform
ances, will have little to show Sat
urday morning. In their one past
meet, a triangular affair with Com
merce High of San Francisco and
Menlo High, the J.C.'s made a mis
erable showing. However, Menlo's
strength has probably increased con
siderably during the past three
weeks, and the Oaks will be all set
to make their annual best showing
against the Card frosh.
Ellington's timber - toppers were
considerably strengthened yesterday
with the appearance of Allan Dun
can, who has a 10 flat prep mark in
the highs. Duncan may be able to
break into the Cal frosh combina
tion of Stout and Waddel,
