# Sixty-Five Men Turn Out for Card Football
## Veterans to Form Nucleus In Spring Practice 
### Warren Breed 
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
Sixty-five aspirants for berths on
the 1934 Stanford football machine
that will attempt to equal or beat
its 1933 Conference tie-for-tops
part of last year's varsity will be
start work this afternoon. A good
on hand to form a nucleus around
which the Red squad will be built.
The first few days will be de
voted to the process of reducing any
excess avoirdupois on the various
masculine torsos, and in limbering
up the muscles into a resilient work
ing condition. There will also be
drills in other phases of the sport,
blocking, passing, kicking, and the
like.
Passing Accuracy
Coach Tiny Thornhill has a new
wrinkle in mechanical aids to the
players this season in the form of a
passing target "hit the nigger baby"
motif. It consists of a heavy canvas,
stretched from the goalpost, punc
tured by- three apertures, at which
halfbacks will fire passes from run
ning stances. Accuracy in passing
under fire is the aim of this con
trivance.
Yesterday afternoon in the locker
rooms suits were handed out to
many familiar faces, and a good
quota of new men—transfers, pre
vious ineligibles, grays, and frosh.
Indians who saw a good deal of
competition last year and are headed
for more this year, coming out soon
are: Frank Alustiza, Chuck White,
Keith Topping, Lyle Smith, Bob
Reynolds, Ray Lewis, Johnny Reis
ner, Harry Carlson, Jack Drown,
Ray Todd, Ed Lettunich, Shel Bron
stein, Larry Rouble, Woody Adams,
olid Bob Black.
1933 Frosh
From last year's frosh those who
have suits are: Joe Vi#na, Grigo
Turret to, Norm Ching, Jack Rolls,
Don Pinnell, Paul Speunetta, Jim
Corner, Dick Becker, Ted Geisler.
Thornhill plans to hold workouts
thrice weekly, every week till the
period before finals, stopping around
the first of June. Up in Berkeley,
Bill Ingram has already sent his
Bears through a three-weeks' ses
sion, and is now marshalling them
through a stiff two weeks after a
layoff for midterms. In the new "In
gram shift" every man in the back
field carries the ball instead of his
old idea of working the left half
consistently. Showing up well in the
last session were two Berkeley High
boys, Bill Kirkham, 1933 frosh quar
ter, and Crosby Beedy, Rambler
tackle, and Ronald Collier from
Oakland High, flashy little Rambler
and rugger.
