# WOMEN'S PRESS CLUB ELECTS.
## 
### 
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
The Women's Press Club has elected
to membership the following: Miss
Cecela Kays, '13, Miss Dorothy Gun
nel!, '14, and Miss Agnes Gray, '15.
Miss Gunnell and Miss Gray are mem
bers of the Sequoia staff and Miss
Kays is a contributor to that maga
zine. All are members of the English
Club.
