# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
"Twas the night before
Christmas' 7 —
Of course it isn't that
late yet
But, just the same, the
Alcove has decided . .
To remain open evenings
until Christmas ....
Beginning Monday,
cember 9th
Come down to Ramona
St.and choose your
Christmas Cards, and
your books for Christ
mas —Now
The
ALCOVE
530 RAMONA ST.
