# Difficult Subject Shown In "Oil Films On Water"
## 
### 
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
Clever technique on a difficult sub
ject featured Dr. Irving Langmuir's
talking film "Oil Films on Water"
shown at the New Stanford Theatre
Saturday morning undei the auspices
of the Department of Chemistry at
Stanford.
The film was produced by the Gen
eral Electric Company of Schenectady,
New York, in an attempt to give an
experimental demonstration of the
classical researches on the subject.
