# WRIGHT, '27, MARRIES
## 
### 
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
William Beatty Wright, J.D. '27, was
married to Miss Marion Vallat of San
ta Monica on November 15 at the
Church of St. Augustine-by-the-Sea,
San Francisco. Wright and his best
man, William C. Neill, A.B. '25, are
members of Phi Kappa Sigma frater
nity.
