# Stanford Mothers' Club To Hear Allen Tomorrow
## 
### 
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
Warren D. Allen will give an illus
trated talk on Christmas Carols at the
regular meeting of the Stanford Moth
ers' Club, tomorrow afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program in
which Mrs. Allen will participate.
A silver Christmas offering for the
benefit of the Rest Homes will be fea
tured and envelopes to tie on the
Christmas tree will be distributed.
