# VIOLENT STORM
## 
### 
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
BREST, France, Dec. 8. (JP) —Sev-
eral ships either foundered or were
in distress today in the most violent
tempest that has struck the French
Atlantic seaboard in many years.
