# LAURITZEN, NICHOLS EDMONDS, SPARLING, DYER, SIGN WITH O.C.
## 
### 
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
Ward Edmonds, Ross Nichols,
Kim Dyer, John Lauritzen, and
Bill Sparling were signed up last
Friday to run for the Olympic
Club track team for the coming
season by Coach Charlie Hunter
and Captain Russ Sweet of the
Winged O tracksters.
All of the men liave been out
standing performers on the Stan
ford cinder path. Edmonds is a
polevaulter and hurdler; Nich
ols, last year's captain, is a
hurdler; Dyer is a broad juniper,
Lauritzen a sprinter, while Spar
ling specializes in the javelin
throw.
The Olympics will meet the
Cardinals in a dual meet early in
the season and will meet the
University of Washington some
time in March.
