# TWENTY-FIVE YEARS AGO TODAY AT STANFORD....
## FROM THE DAILY PALO ALTO OF DECEMBER 9, 1904 
### 
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
At a meeting of the Athletic Com
mittee it was decided to give gold
football emblems in addition to the
regulation Block "S" sweater to the
members of the football team. Seven
teen men were awarded gold footballs
including Coach Lanagan, Assistant
Coach Hauverman, Trainer Moulton,
and Manager Barrett.
J. M. Hallowell, Harvard '88, in an
open letter to Walter Camp published
in the Boston Herald, asked the, fa
mous "father of football" to change
some of the football rules in order to
cut down on the heavy line buck style
of play and reintroduce passes and
open-field running. Hallowell stated
that the present rules enforced brawn
and beef and gave the game as much
interest as "a race between steam
rollers."
