# Reserve Branner, Toyon Rooms Today, Tomorrow
## 
### 
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
Room reservations for the winter
quarter should be made at the office
of the Dean of Men today or tomor
row by all men now living in Toyon
or Branner Halls who wish to remain
there, announces Miss Vivienne
Church, Dean Culver's secretary.
Room drawings will be held in the
Toyon and Branner offices Wednes
day, December 11, at 7:30 o'clock.
Reservations for the Union and Se
quoia should be made Thursday or
Friday, December 12 or 13.
