# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
Ram's Head, men's honorary
dramatic society and sponsor of
the annual Football Gaieties, an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing men:
George Starblrd
Robert Thornton
Nelson Carter
Tom Watt
Joe Gordon
Phillip Brooks
Templeton Peck
Laird Doyle
Talbert Morgan
Ralph Campiglia
