# Untitled Article
## 
### 
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
President Hoover will attend the
winter dinner of the Gridiron Club,
December 13.
