# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
At the University of Toronto it
was voted that beer be sold on the
campus.
