# FUGITIVE ARRIVES
## 
### 
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
LISBON, Portugal, Dec. 2. (TP) — !
Washington Luis, the deposed pres- i
ident of Brazil, reached here today j
with his family aboard the steamer :
Alcantra,
