# ELMORE TO READ AT VIRGIL CELEBRATION
## 
### 
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
Jefferson Elmore, professor emeri
tus of classical literature at Stan
ford, will read a paper this mbrning
at an observance of the bimilleniary
of Vergil's birth held at St. Mary's
College.
Elmore's paper is entitled ''Some
Artistic Sources of Vergil's Influ
ence." Other papers will be pre
sented by St. Mary's and California
professors.
