# Stationers Elect Bayless President
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 25 (UP).
—The Pacific Northwest Stationers'
Association tonight elected Owen C.
Bayless, Seattle, president, and se
lected Seattle for its 1940 conven
tion.
Other officers named by delegates
to the 30th annual session here: G.
Prescott Quesley, Yakima, vice
president; George Ruggles, Seattle,
secretary-treasurer; and D. D. Stew
art, Seattle, executive secretary.
