# NAZIS MAP CANAL ATTACK
## 
### 
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica, April 25
(UP). —The German general staff is
in possession of Costa Rican maps
marked with all strategic sites
from which the Nazis could attack
the Panama Canal and cripple Uni
ted States defenses in case of war,
the newspaper La Hora said today.

June has been announced as na
tional dairy month.
