# Moreno to Speak To Luncheon Club
## 
### 
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
IT. C. Moreno, instructor in engi
neering and mathematics, will be
guest speaker at today's noon meet
ing of the Luncheon Club in the
Nitery. Lunch will be served at 25
cents a plate.
Mr. Moreno will talk on "Bits of
Negro Philosophy and Life," and his
entire speech will be given in negro
dialect.
