# Congress to Pass On Economy Plan
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
WASHINGTON, April 25 (UP).—
President Roosevelt today asked
Congress to make a start toward
placing the government on an effi
cient and economical business basis
by creating three new agencies to
co-ordinate vital federal security,
works projects, and lending opera
tions.
Invoking for the first time his
power to streamline the government,
the President said in a special mes
sage he proposes to place in Ihe
White House direct control over the
budget bureau, the national re
sources planning board and the cen
tral statistical board.
He estimated these changes would
save the federal government be
tween $15,000,000 and $25,000,000 an
nually, and would result in larger
economies to state and local govern
ments. They will become effective in
40 days unless rejected by both
houses.
