# ORIGINAL ARRANGEMENTS
## Well-Known Songs Heard In Elaborate, New 'Kismet' 
### 
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
The most famous aspect of the
stage production "Kismet," its
outstanding musical score, will
be presented with splendor and
original interpretation by the
Stanford cast May 4-7 in Memorial
Auditorium.
Much of the music from "Kis
met." adapted from the works of
Alexander Borodin by Robert
Wright and George Forrest, has
taken its place in the realm of
musical standards since the pro
duction opened in San Francisco
seven years ago.
"Stranger in Paradise," "Bau
bles, Bangles, and Beads," and
"And This Is My Beloved," have
been recorded many times since
their release in 1953. often reach
ing the best-seller mark.
Audiences viewing the Ram's
Head presentation of the musical
will see and hear these favorites
in elaborate staging and arrange
ments. Songs are interwoven into
the plot of this musical Arabian
night in ways which are entirely
new. None of the songs has been
popularly recorded in the manner
in which they appear in the show.
An intricate arrangement of en
semble-solo numbers, duets, and
large scale chorus numbers make
"Kismet" one of the most diffi
cult productions of modern Am
erican music.
Tickets for the Ram's Head pro
duction are now on sale at Me
morial Auditorium box office
from 12:30 to 4:30 p.m. daily and
also may be ordered by phoning

DA 3-0665. Quad sales on Engi
neering Corner will continue
through Wednesday from 9 to 12
each morning.
