# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
Gay Bryan, formerly of Stan
ford, was AAU hop-step-jump
champion in 19JS, 49, 50 and 51.
