# Professor Dies of Stroke
## 
### 
Processor Francis R. Johnson
of the English Department died
Sunday, apparently from a stroke.
Johnson, 59. was a well-known
Renaissance scholar and a bibli
ographer. He had been at Stan
ford 25 years.
The outstanding honor graduate
from West Point in 1923, Johnson
became the military academy's
first Rhodes Scholar from 1925 to
1927. He received his master's de
gree from Oxford and his doc
torate from Johns Hopkins Uni
versity.
Johnson was a Huntington Re
search follow in 1912, and was
twice a Guggenheim fellow. He
edited several journals, and was
well known for his 1937 book,
"Astronomical Thought in Ren
aissance England." He was for
merly a Huntington Library Re
search fellow and lecturer at the
University of California an d
Claremont College.
