# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
WASHINGTON (/P) — A $4,-
125,600,000 foreign aid program
won Senate approval last night
after a day-long, battle over
efforts to clamp tight new re
strictions on its use.
