# Dr. Enrich Addresses Paly Teachers' Union
## 
### 
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
In an address last night before the
Palo Alto Teacher's Union, entitled
"Precedents in the Choosing of
College Presidents," Dr. A. C. Eu
rich, professor in the Stanford
School of Education, discussed the
precedent set by other colleges
whereby the faculty was allowed to
exert the greatest influence in the
choice of their chief administrator.
