# MeCue Will Play For Hawkins Hop
## 
### 
Art McCue and his orchestra,
well known on the Farm for its per
formances at past Gaieties and
spring shows, has been engaged by
the sophomore class to furnish the
musical background for its "Sadie
Hawkins Hop" Jan. 27 in the Wom
en's Gym.
McCue and his band, aided by
several student stars, will feature
many of the tunes from the '37, '38,
:.nd '39 Gaieties and the last two
spring shows, stated the Sadie
Hawkins chairman, Ruth Whitney.
Bids are on sale to women only at
the A.S.S.U. office for $1 per couple.

HOLLYWOOD, Jan. 11 (UP). â€”
The movies' labor czar, William
Bioff, beset by the federal govern
ment on a charge of income tax eva
sion. was booked for a second time
late today on a fugitive complaint
based on his 18-year-old Chicago
pandering conviction.
