# Rifleman to Hold Practice Tonight
## 
### 
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
The rifle range will be open for
practice tonight at 7:30 o'clock. All
members of the club and anyone
interested are invited to attend.
Members of the pistol team are spe
cially requested to come, because of
the pistol match scheduled with
Cornell on Jan. 20.
The range will be open every
Friday night at the same time for
general practice. Pistol team mem
bers are planning a match with the
Palo Alto Rifle Club at an early date
and extra practice will be needed.
