# Kimpton Journeys Eastward Today
## 
### 
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
Dean of Students Lawrence A.
Kimpton leaves today for a three
week trip East, returning to the
campus April 22.
In Chicago the dean will attend
the Fourth Annual National Con
ference on Higher Education and
the American College Personnel
Association convention. He will
also attend the conference of the
National Association of Deans and
Advisers of Men in Highland Park.
Illinois.
