# Talk on Heart Disease Scheduled for Tonight
## 
### 
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
Two Stanl-ord faculty members
will give an illustrated popular
medical lecture tonight in San
Francisco on "The Diagnosis and
Treatment of Congenital Heart Dis
ease."
The two physicians, Drs. Roy 3.
Cohn and Herbert 11. Hultgren. will
speak at 8 o'clock at Lane Hall.
Sacramento Street near Webster, in
the first of four lectures arranged
by the University's School of Medi
cine.
