# Poli Sci Honorary Elects 30 Students
## 
### 
Edwin Koch, dean of the School
of Business Administration at Nan
king University, spoke at the win
ter quarter initiation banquet of Pi
Sii>ina Alpha, honorary political
science fraternity.
At the dinner, which was held at
Rickey's, the following students
were initiated:
Arthur Allen, Jack Allen, Ralph
Barret, Jackson Baty, Norman Blu
cher, Philip Barst, Phyllis Brown,
Gaylon Caldwell, Donna Chapman.
Cornelius Cotter, Richard Crabbs,
William Creer, Warren Day, Charles
Dietrich.
Allan Fink. Barbara Haines, Vir
ginia Hemphill, Leonard Hoar, Har_
ain Holmes, Robert Hudson, Robert
Huff, John Jensen, Maurice La Brie.
John Marcum, Hildegarde Oster
burs'. Helen Pyper, Ernest Vogel.
Dwight Simpson, Robert von Pa
genhardt, and Barbara Sutton.
