# LOFGRAN CHOSEN
## 
### 
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
CHICAGO, March 29 (/P).—Do:?
Lotyran, San Francisco University
junior forward, topped the voting
today as Loyola of Chicago basket
ball players selected their all-op
ponent team.
Lofgran led the Dons to a 48-4"'
win over Loyola in the Natonal In
vitational Tourney finals.
Selected with Lofgran were for
ward Bob Cousy, Ho y Crots; center
Chuck Share, Bowling Green; and
guards Ralph Beard, Kentucky, and
Dick McGuire, St. John's.
