# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
Storke Student Publications
Building, Stanford, California
94 305.
(Entered as second class matter
at the Post Office of Palo Alto,
California 94302, under the Act
of March 3, 1879.)
