# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Although our athletic teams went
down to defeat in the intercollegiate
contests today, we have just reason
to be proud of every Stanford rep
resentative. There has never been a
track meet in which the Cardinal
athletes have had to contend against
greater odds. Handicapped by injur
ies from the start, the Cardinal team
made a fight which will never be
forgotten, and even in defeat we are
as proud of our men as though the
well-deserved victory had been ours.
It is such an exhibition of grit and
determination as was shown by the
Stanford men this afternoon that
makes us justly proud of our Uni
versity. We lost the meet only after
one of the grandest fights that has
ever been seen in an intercollegiate
contest. For our trainer, captain, and
every member of the Stanford track
team we have nothing but words of
behest, praise.
