# Durand House Has Halloween Party
## 
### 
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
Halloween weekend festivities wi'..
be continued in true blackcat and
spectre tradition when Durand House
opens its doors to the campus at it?
Belfry Brawl this Saturday evening
from 3 till 1.
In keeping with the harvest-tinv
atmosphere of the dance, plaid shii|
and jeans are to be worn. Ample re
freshments and recorded music for
dancing are to be provided, and there
will be no admission, added Blanche
Wayne, chairman of the dance.
