# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.

By United Press
This towering cloud of smoke off the Formosa shore entirely con
ceals a Japanese ship which was struck by a warplane from one of
the fast carriers of Admiral Nimitz' Pacific Fleet which struck Ja
pan's great stronghold. The smoke, towering 5000 feet in the air,
conceals tfye city and harbor area beyond.
