# Juniper Will Give House Warming
## 
### 
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
About 300 guests will receive invi
tations this week to the Juniper
Lodge house warming to be given
Thursday evening, Nov. 2. accord
ing to party chairman Marie Wag
ner.
Juniper girls will act as hostesses
at the house warming at which the
new junior transfers will meet the
faculty and student friends of the
girls now living in the Lodge.
In charge of hostesses are Jean
Gait and Marilyn Clow; prepara
tions. Helen Van Keppel, Mary
Thompson, and Norma Trevarrow:
refreshments, Wanda Kozlowski,
Barbara Wrad. and Beryl Warrick;
and requisitions. Betty Pezzoni.
A roaring fire, flowing cider, and
bridge games will highlight the in
formal house warming, according to
Miss Wagner.
