# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.

By United Press
Airview shows zig-zag anti-tank obstacles of Germany's Siegfried Line framing- farms and countryside.
"Dragon's Teeth" are made of huge concrete triangular blocks which stand 6 to 8 feet high. Line failed
to halt Allies. Note passage they cut through road.
