# Quads.
## 
### 
H. 11. Brown, '96, was on the
quad today.
11. 11. Straight, '97, has completed
his course at the University and re
turned to his home in Bradford,
Pen n.
Mr. J. L. Freeman and Mr.
Prentiss of Woodland have been
visiting several days at the Uni
versity.
Word was received today of
the death of the father of F. B.
Braden, '00, this morning in Los
Angeles.
Euphronia will contest with the
Saturday Night Club in the lirstof
the inter-society debates next Sat
urday night.
Proof-sheets for this year's cata
logue of students from Ii to Zof
the alphabet are posted on the
bulletin board.
"Doc" Hall, ex-'9B, was married
last week in Palo Alto to Miss
Pauline Beth Campbell, also a
former student in the University.
The first game of the Saturday
League will be played on the cam
pus next Wednesday afternoon be
tween the Santa Clara and the Var
sity nines.
The book entitled "Stanfoid Uni
versity and Thereabouts," which
was published last year by Dr.
Elliott, has been placed on sale
again at the Registrar's otlice.
The Social Science Club met last
evening and discussed the news of
the week. In open debate the fol
lowing question was discussed: aße
solved, That the letter postage in
the United States should be one
cent."
The University of California
baseball team won a game yester
day from the Berkeley High School
by a score of 28 to 16. Sykes, the
new varsity pitcher, occupied the
box for three innings and did good
work.
H. 11. Brown, '96, was on the
quad today.
11. 11. Straight, '97, has completed
his course at the University and re
turned to his home in Bradford,
Pen n.
Mr. J. L. Freeman and Mr.
Prentiss of Woodland have been
visiting several days at the Uni
versity.
Word was received today of
the death of the father of F. B.
Braden, '00, this morning in Los
Angeles.
Euphronia will contest with the
Saturday Night Club in the lirstof
the inter-society debates next Sat
urday night.
Proof-sheets for this year's cata
logue of students from Ii to Zof
the alphabet are posted on the
bulletin board.
"Doc" Hall, ex-'9B, was married
last week in Palo Alto to Miss
Pauline Beth Campbell, also a
former student in the University.
The first game of the Saturday
League will be played on the cam
pus next Wednesday afternoon be
tween the Santa Clara and the Var
sity nines.
The book entitled "Stanfoid Uni
versity and Thereabouts," which
was published last year by Dr.
Elliott, has been placed on sale
again at the Registrar's otlice.
The Social Science Club met last
evening and discussed the news of
the week. In open debate the fol
lowing question was discussed: aße
solved, That the letter postage in
the United States should be one
cent."
The University of California
baseball team won a game yester
day from the Berkeley High School
by a score of 28 to 16. Sykes, the
new varsity pitcher, occupied the
box for three innings and did good
work.
H. 11. Brown, '96, was on the
quad today.
11. 11. Straight, '97, has completed
his course at the University and re
turned to his home in Bradford,
Pen n.
Mr. J. L. Freeman and Mr.
Prentiss of Woodland have been
visiting several days at the Uni
versity.
Word was received today of
the death of the father of F. B.
Braden, '00, this morning in Los
Angeles.
Euphronia will contest with the
Saturday Night Club in the lirstof
the inter-society debates next Sat
urday night.
Proof-sheets for this year's cata
logue of students from Ii to Zof
the alphabet are posted on the
bulletin board.
"Doc" Hall, ex-'9B, was married
last week in Palo Alto to Miss
Pauline Beth Campbell, also a
former student in the University.
The first game of the Saturday
League will be played on the cam
pus next Wednesday afternoon be
tween the Santa Clara and the Var
sity nines.
The book entitled "Stanfoid Uni
versity and Thereabouts," which
was published last year by Dr.
Elliott, has been placed on sale
again at the Registrar's otlice.
The Social Science Club met last
evening and discussed the news of
the week. In open debate the fol
lowing question was discussed: aße
solved, That the letter postage in
the United States should be one
cent."
The University of California
baseball team won a game yester
day from the Berkeley High School
by a score of 28 to 16. Sykes, the
new varsity pitcher, occupied the
box for three innings and did good
work.
H. 11. Brown, '96, was on the
quad today.
11. 11. Straight, '97, has completed
his course at the University and re
turned to his home in Bradford,
Pen n.
Mr. J. L. Freeman and Mr.
Prentiss of Woodland have been
visiting several days at the Uni
versity.
Word was received today of
the death of the father of F. B.
Braden, '00, this morning in Los
Angeles.
Euphronia will contest with the
Saturday Night Club in the lirstof
the inter-society debates next Sat
urday night.
Proof-sheets for this year's cata
logue of students from Ii to Zof
the alphabet are posted on the
bulletin board.
"Doc" Hall, ex-'9B, was married
last week in Palo Alto to Miss
Pauline Beth Campbell, also a
former student in the University.
The first game of the Saturday
League will be played on the cam
pus next Wednesday afternoon be
tween the Santa Clara and the Var
sity nines.
The book entitled "Stanfoid Uni
versity and Thereabouts," which
was published last year by Dr.
Elliott, has been placed on sale
again at the Registrar's otlice.
The Social Science Club met last
evening and discussed the news of
the week. In open debate the fol
lowing question was discussed: aße
solved, That the letter postage in
the United States should be one
cent."
The University of California
baseball team won a game yester
day from the Berkeley High School
by a score of 28 to 16. Sykes, the
new varsity pitcher, occupied the
box for three innings and did good
work.
H. 11. Brown, '96, was on the
quad today.
11. 11. Straight, '97, has completed
his course at the University and re
turned to his home in Bradford,
Pen n.
Mr. J. L. Freeman and Mr.
Prentiss of Woodland have been
visiting several days at the Uni
versity.
Word was received today of
the death of the father of F. B.
Braden, '00, this morning in Los
Angeles.
Euphronia will contest with the
Saturday Night Club in the lirstof
the inter-society debates next Sat
urday night.
Proof-sheets for this year's cata
logue of students from Ii to Zof
the alphabet are posted on the
bulletin board.
"Doc" Hall, ex-'9B, was married
last week in Palo Alto to Miss
Pauline Beth Campbell, also a
former student in the University.
The first game of the Saturday
League will be played on the cam
pus next Wednesday afternoon be
tween the Santa Clara and the Var
sity nines.
The book entitled "Stanfoid Uni
versity and Thereabouts," which
was published last year by Dr.
Elliott, has been placed on sale
again at the Registrar's otlice.
The Social Science Club met last
evening and discussed the news of
the week. In open debate the fol
lowing question was discussed: aße
solved, That the letter postage in
the United States should be one
cent."
The University of California
baseball team won a game yester
day from the Berkeley High School
by a score of 28 to 16. Sykes, the
new varsity pitcher, occupied the
box for three innings and did good
work.
