# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students who are interested in
art work will he well repaid hy
visiting the Art Inhibition to be
held at Ruble Hall on Friday and
Saturday.
Students who are interested in
art work will he well repaid hy
visiting the Art Inhibition to be
held at Ruble Hall on Friday and
Saturday.
Students who are interested in
art work will he well repaid hy
visiting the Art Inhibition to be
held at Ruble Hall on Friday and
Saturday.
Students who are interested in
art work will he well repaid hy
visiting the Art Inhibition to be
held at Ruble Hall on Friday and
Saturday.
Students who are interested in
art work will he well repaid hy
visiting the Art Inhibition to be
held at Ruble Hall on Friday and
Saturday.
