# Tournament To Decide Tennis Club Members
## 
### 
Eight tryoutees for the Women's
Tennis Club will engage in a round
robin tournament starting at 9
o'clock Saturday morning. The
matches will take place on the
women's courts, according to Mar
garet Diediich, president of the
club, and each player should bring
her own balls.
As only three will be admitted to
the club at this time, the members
decided such a tournament would be
a fairer and more accurate way to
determine the best players. Those
trying out are: Margaret Spencer,
Betty Hellyer, Bette Going, June
Gardiner, Priscilla Howell, Sally
Taber, Cynthia Coonley, and Betty
Little.

Dr. J. B. Nash of New York Uni
versity advises students to be as
idiotic as possible if they want to
be healthy.
