# DUST VICTIM DIES
## 
### 
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
BEAVER. Okla., May 1 (/Pi.—'The
death from dust pneumonia late to
day of Bennie Kershman, aged 9, of
Booker. Tex., was the eighth fatal
ity from the malady in Oklahoma the
past five days.
