# CANDIDATES DOUBLED
## 
### 
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
The number of candidates for the
Rhodes scholarship has more than dou
bled since 1918, according to a state
ment issued by Dr. Frank Aydelotte,
American secretary of the Rhodes
scholarship.
