# Adv. 11 Page 7
## 
### 
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & day/time pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & day/time pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & day/time pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & day/time pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & day/time pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & day/time pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
Johns Hopkins Center for
Talented Youth seeks graduate
and undergraduate students to
work with gifted and talented
pre-collegiate youth at over 30
locations this summer. More
information can be found at:
cty.jhu.edu/summer/employment
WWW.STANFORDTRAVEL.INFO
Book online travel steals and
deals, www.stanfordtravel.info
