# CHURCHES STOP WINE USE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
CHICAGO, Nov. 20. (/P)— Virtually
nil Protestant churches havo aban
doned use of wine in sacramental ser
vices and have substituted unfer
tnented grape juice, the Chicago
Church Federation announced today
after a survey.
