# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
r l
V
is«*<sf
Visit Stanford
o-Mile-Long
Accelerator....
Ed to Basic
'
f|
m .. m "
jl.
FT"
tary Particle
ftp Tows of the Research
raboratorv. call for an
laboratory, call for an
Xppointment at 926-2204
r l
V
is«*<sf
Visit Stanford
o-Mile-Long
Accelerator....
Ed to Basic
'
f|
m .. m "
jl.
FT"
tary Particle
ftp Tows of the Research
raboratorv. call for an
laboratory, call for an
Xppointment at 926-2204
r l
V
is«*<sf
Visit Stanford
o-Mile-Long
Accelerator....
Ed to Basic
'
f|
m .. m "
jl.
FT"
tary Particle
ftp Tows of the Research
raboratorv. call for an
laboratory, call for an
Xppointment at 926-2204
r l
V
is«*<sf
Visit Stanford
o-Mile-Long
Accelerator....
Ed to Basic
'
f|
m .. m "
jl.
FT"
tary Particle
ftp Tows of the Research
raboratorv. call for an
laboratory, call for an
Xppointment at 926-2204
r l
V
is«*<sf
Visit Stanford
o-Mile-Long
Accelerator....
Ed to Basic
'
f|
m .. m "
jl.
FT"
tary Particle
ftp Tows of the Research
raboratorv. call for an
laboratory, call for an
Xppointment at 926-2204
r l
V
is«*<sf
Visit Stanford
o-Mile-Long
Accelerator....
Ed to Basic
'
f|
m .. m "
jl.
FT"
tary Particle
ftp Tows of the Research
raboratorv. call for an
laboratory, call for an
Xppointment at 926-2204
r l
V
is«*<sf
Visit Stanford
o-Mile-Long
Accelerator....
Ed to Basic
'
f|
m .. m "
jl.
FT"
tary Particle
ftp Tows of the Research
raboratorv. call for an
laboratory, call for an
Xppointment at 926-2204
