# Business School To Hear Mayo
## 
### 
Dr. Elton Mayo will speak at a
general assembly to be held in the
Education Auditorium at 4:15 o'clock
on Wednesday, March 5, on "The
Feeling of Economic Confusion and
Its Diagnosis."
The topic of Dr. Mayo's speech in
more comprehensible terms is
"What makes workers do what they
do," according to Mr. Paul Eliel,
director of the Division of Indus
trial Relations.
Dr. Mayo, who will be a guest of
the Graduate School of Business, is
professor of industrial research at
the Harvard Graduate School of
Business. He has been carrying on
experiments for the last, ten years
at the Hawthorne plant of the
Western Electric Company and his
speech will be on some of the re
sults obtained.
