# Bufano to Unveil Grizzly-Or Is It?
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Feb. 25 (UP).—Ben
iamino Bufano's bear—or is it a
bear?—wili be unveiled tomorrow in
the editorial offices of the Daily Cali
fornian, University of California
student newspaper.
Bufano, the non - conventional
sculptor who sets off an art catfight
every time he raises a chisel, will
attend the ceremony. William Sa
royan, the author and playwright, |
will recite a poem he composed for
the occasion. Then the campus
crowd will take a look at the bear
and get a chance to put in its crit
ical two-bits' worth along with the
art connoisseurs.
The Bufano bear, art experts de
clare, looks nothing like a grizzly.
It is supposed to have four flat feet
i like Prussian boots, a seal's body,
ears like a deer, and a boar's snout.
