# Pioneer California Ship Magnate Dies
## 
### 
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
BURLINGAME Feb. 25 (UP). -
Capt. John Barneson, a pioneer in
(he California shipping and petro
leum industries, died today. Barne
son founded his own shipping busi
ness on the Pacific Coast. During
the Spanish-American War he was
captain of the transport Arizona,
which carried troops across the Pa
cific.
He was appointed head of the
transport service during the Philip
pine insurrection. Shortly afterward
he experimented successfully with
oil as a fuel for ocean-going ves
sels.
