# AUSSIES DEPART FOR WAR FRONT
## 
### 

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.

A TROOP TRAIN FILLED with Australians leaves Sydney for an unnamed destination at the war front.
Perhaps they're hound for Singapore, where Aussies recently landed as Far East tension grew. Anyway,
they're a spirited hit. Picture passed hy the Australian censor.
