# WATCHES LAST FLAG PARADE
## 
### 

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.

THESE FACES SHOW unrestrained emotion as the last parade of
regimental flags is held in Marseille, France, before regiments were
disbanded, symbolic of France's fall. The man in the foreground is
overcome.
