# DR. BRANDT TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
Dr. Karl Brandt, professor of ag
ricultural economics in the Food
Research Institute, will address a
civic group in Hanford on the eve
ning of March 5.
