# Jeannette Snyder Chosen President Of Roble Club
## 
### 
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
Jeannette Snyder was chosen presi
dent of Roble Club for the spring
term in elections held yesterday. She
■will succeed Peg Mudgett. Polly Wal
ton was elected vice-president; Kath
ryn Teach, secretary; Billie Kahn,
Miriam Miller, Sarah Grant, members
of the Committee of Five; Jean Mar
quis, Dariel Shively, and Joan Reppy,
members of the House Committee.
The new officers will be installed at
a house meeting Monday night.

A Paris cafe is built in the branches
of a tree and is reached by a winding
staircase built around the trunk.
