# German Delegate
## 
### 

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.

Dr. Hjalmar Schacht, president of
the reichsbank, is expected to be
named as one of Germany's dele
gates for the coming reparations
conference.
