# Bishop Cross Will Speak At Chapel Vespers Today
## 
### 
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
Compositions by George Frederick
Handel will be featured by Warren
D. Allen, University organist, in his
program today at 4:15 p.m. in the
Memorial Church. The program is as
follows:
Concerto in P major (First Movement)
Air Alia Siciliana from the "Fire
works Music"
Capriece in F (arranged by Karg-
Elert)
Largo in E from the Concerto Grosse,
No. 12
The Vesper Service will follow the
recital immediately and Bishop Ed
ward M. Cross, of Spokane, Washing
ton, will be the speaker.
