# BROWN LECTURE
## 
### 
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
Honorable William E. Brown will
lecture to the Christian Science
Club at 7:30 o'clock tonight on the
second floor of the Women's Club
house.
