# Two-Gun Teacher
## 
### 

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lenora Johnson, Klamath, Ore.,
reservation teacher, routed a gang
of intoxicated Indians who started
to wreck the school house by firing
at them with a gun in each hand.
(Associated Press Photo)
