# Radio Enthusiasts Asked To Attend Thursday Meet
## 
### 
Radio enthusiasts are invited by
the Stanford Radio Club to attend
the regular meeting of the club
Thursday evening at 7:15 o'clock in
the Electrical Engineering building.
All licensed amateur radio oper
ators and students interested in
short-wave broadcasting are invited.
The club has been operating the
amateur short-wave station W6YX
since 1931. It has been developed
into a 75-watt crystal-control trans
mitter which is capable of com
municating with all parts of the
world.
Club members are kept informed
on doings in the radio world by
experiments with the radio, tests of
1 its range for reception and broad
casting and keeping the station up
with the constant developments in
that field.
