# BUNCO ARTIST JAILED
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
SEATTLE, Feb. 22 (/P) — J. A.
Coikill, Auburn, Calif., farmer, ac
cused William F. McKelvey of de
frauding him of $24,0000 in a "race
track game." McKelvey is in jail.
