# CINDERELLA GETS ALARM CLOCK TO AVERT LOCKOUTS
## 
### 
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
The ingenuity of a Roble
girl who was tired of getting
lockouts went haywire last
week and nearly started a
stampede in one of Palo Alto's
ratio shoppes.
The lockout situation had
become so serious with the girl
in question that she bought an
alarm clock and set the alarm
for a time that would enable
her to return to Roble before
the gales went down. The girl
was absent-minded, you see.
The manly escort stuck the
clock in his overcoat pocket,
and stuck his overcoat in the
chophouse where he and Miss
Ingenuity went to get an after
theatre and pie-parking snack.
But something in the clock
went wrong and the alarm rang
loudly enough to make the
numerous patrons think it was
a fire signal. They acted ac
cordingly. The girl, however,
got home in time.
