# BACK IN U. S. FOR FURTHER STUDY
## 
### 

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.

Dr. Albert Einstein (right), returned to California to resume his
studies of the universe started on his previous visit about a year ago.
He was accompanied by Frau Einstein (left). Picture shows the couple
during their first interview with newspapermen. Dr. R. C. Tolman
(center) of the. California Institute of Technology put the newspaper
men's questions to the noted scientist.
