# Y. M. C. A. Meeting.
## 
### 
The Y. M. C. A. meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 will be
held in the new rooms, in the train
ing house, and will be devoted to
reports of the Students' Conference
held at Pacific Grove last May,
and in view of the conference to be
held there during the Christinas
vacation. Reports of the charac
teristic features of the ten days'
program will be given by W. A.
Morris, Y. L. Williams, L. L. Loof
bourow, J. L. McWethy, and L. E.
Harter.
The Y. M. C. A. meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 will be
held in the new rooms, in the train
ing house, and will be devoted to
reports of the Students' Conference
held at Pacific Grove last May,
and in view of the conference to be
held there during the Christinas
vacation. Reports of the charac
teristic features of the ten days'
program will be given by W. A.
Morris, Y. L. Williams, L. L. Loof
bourow, J. L. McWethy, and L. E.
Harter.
The Y. M. C. A. meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 will be
held in the new rooms, in the train
ing house, and will be devoted to
reports of the Students' Conference
held at Pacific Grove last May,
and in view of the conference to be
held there during the Christinas
vacation. Reports of the charac
teristic features of the ten days'
program will be given by W. A.
Morris, Y. L. Williams, L. L. Loof
bourow, J. L. McWethy, and L. E.
Harter.
The Y. M. C. A. meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 will be
held in the new rooms, in the train
ing house, and will be devoted to
reports of the Students' Conference
held at Pacific Grove last May,
and in view of the conference to be
held there during the Christinas
vacation. Reports of the charac
teristic features of the ten days'
program will be given by W. A.
Morris, Y. L. Williams, L. L. Loof
bourow, J. L. McWethy, and L. E.
Harter.
The Y. M. C. A. meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 will be
held in the new rooms, in the train
ing house, and will be devoted to
reports of the Students' Conference
held at Pacific Grove last May,
and in view of the conference to be
held there during the Christinas
vacation. Reports of the charac
teristic features of the ten days'
program will be given by W. A.
Morris, Y. L. Williams, L. L. Loof
bourow, J. L. McWethy, and L. E.
Harter.
The Y. M. C. A. meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 will be
held in the new rooms, in the train
ing house, and will be devoted to
reports of the Students' Conference
held at Pacific Grove last May,
and in view of the conference to be
held there during the Christinas
vacation. Reports of the charac
teristic features of the ten days'
program will be given by W. A.
Morris, Y. L. Williams, L. L. Loof
bourow, J. L. McWethy, and L. E.
Harter.
The Y. M. C. A. meeting next
Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 will be
held in the new rooms, in the train
ing house, and will be devoted to
reports of the Students' Conference
held at Pacific Grove last May,
and in view of the conference to be
held there during the Christinas
vacation. Reports of the charac
teristic features of the ten days'
program will be given by W. A.
Morris, Y. L. Williams, L. L. Loof
bourow, J. L. McWethy, and L. E.
Harter.
