# Executive Committee.
## 
### 
The Kxecutive Committee met as
usual last night in room 10 quad.
There were present: Marrack, '01,
Cantwell, '01, Sobey, '01, Oilman,
'01, Boren, '02, Traeger, '03, and
Raitt, '03. J. I. Burcham of the
publication committee, appointed
last year to arrange for sending
copies of the the Daily Palo Alto
and Sequoia, to the various high
schools throughout the State, pre
sented a report showing the work
of the committee for last year. Me
recommended that a similar plan
be pursued this year, but only one
half the number of papers lie sent
out. President Marrack was given
power by the committee to investi
gate the matter.
The Kxecutive Committee met as
usual last night in room 10 quad.
There were present: Marrack, '01,
Cantwell, '01, Sobey, '01, Oilman,
'01, Boren, '02, Traeger, '03, and
Raitt, '03. J. I. Burcham of the
publication committee, appointed
last year to arrange for sending
copies of the the Daily Palo Alto
and Sequoia, to the various high
schools throughout the State, pre
sented a report showing the work
of the committee for last year. Me
recommended that a similar plan
be pursued this year, but only one
half the number of papers lie sent
out. President Marrack was given
power by the committee to investi
gate the matter.
The Kxecutive Committee met as
usual last night in room 10 quad.
There were present: Marrack, '01,
Cantwell, '01, Sobey, '01, Oilman,
'01, Boren, '02, Traeger, '03, and
Raitt, '03. J. I. Burcham of the
publication committee, appointed
last year to arrange for sending
copies of the the Daily Palo Alto
and Sequoia, to the various high
schools throughout the State, pre
sented a report showing the work
of the committee for last year. Me
recommended that a similar plan
be pursued this year, but only one
half the number of papers lie sent
out. President Marrack was given
power by the committee to investi
gate the matter.
The Kxecutive Committee met as
usual last night in room 10 quad.
There were present: Marrack, '01,
Cantwell, '01, Sobey, '01, Oilman,
'01, Boren, '02, Traeger, '03, and
Raitt, '03. J. I. Burcham of the
publication committee, appointed
last year to arrange for sending
copies of the the Daily Palo Alto
and Sequoia, to the various high
schools throughout the State, pre
sented a report showing the work
of the committee for last year. Me
recommended that a similar plan
be pursued this year, but only one
half the number of papers lie sent
out. President Marrack was given
power by the committee to investi
gate the matter.
The Kxecutive Committee met as
usual last night in room 10 quad.
There were present: Marrack, '01,
Cantwell, '01, Sobey, '01, Oilman,
'01, Boren, '02, Traeger, '03, and
Raitt, '03. J. I. Burcham of the
publication committee, appointed
last year to arrange for sending
copies of the the Daily Palo Alto
and Sequoia, to the various high
schools throughout the State, pre
sented a report showing the work
of the committee for last year. Me
recommended that a similar plan
be pursued this year, but only one
half the number of papers lie sent
out. President Marrack was given
power by the committee to investi
gate the matter.
The Kxecutive Committee met as
usual last night in room 10 quad.
There were present: Marrack, '01,
Cantwell, '01, Sobey, '01, Oilman,
'01, Boren, '02, Traeger, '03, and
Raitt, '03. J. I. Burcham of the
publication committee, appointed
last year to arrange for sending
copies of the the Daily Palo Alto
and Sequoia, to the various high
schools throughout the State, pre
sented a report showing the work
of the committee for last year. Me
recommended that a similar plan
be pursued this year, but only one
half the number of papers lie sent
out. President Marrack was given
power by the committee to investi
gate the matter.
The Kxecutive Committee met as
usual last night in room 10 quad.
There were present: Marrack, '01,
Cantwell, '01, Sobey, '01, Oilman,
'01, Boren, '02, Traeger, '03, and
Raitt, '03. J. I. Burcham of the
publication committee, appointed
last year to arrange for sending
copies of the the Daily Palo Alto
and Sequoia, to the various high
schools throughout the State, pre
sented a report showing the work
of the committee for last year. Me
recommended that a similar plan
be pursued this year, but only one
half the number of papers lie sent
out. President Marrack was given
power by the committee to investi
gate the matter.
