# Hallowe'en Party.
## 
### 
Madrono Hall was gaily decor
ated last night for the Hallowe'en
party which its young ladies gave
to the members of the faculty and
their friends. Everything sug
gestive of the wierdness and sym
bolism of the night was used in
decoration. Two farces, one adapt
ed by Miss Josephine Turcot from
Edith Matthew's "Six Cups of
Chocolate," and"The Magic
Changes," by Miss Sara Morrison,
were given. They were full of
local hits and caused a great deal
of merriment. After the farces
were concluded the guests played
all the old-time Hallowe'en tricks,
and faculty and students together
ducked for apples, blew out can
dles, and played in popcorn con
tests.
Madrono Hall was gaily decor
ated last night for the Hallowe'en
party which its young ladies gave
to the members of the faculty and
their friends. Everything sug
gestive of the wierdness and sym
bolism of the night was used in
decoration. Two farces, one adapt
ed by Miss Josephine Turcot from
Edith Matthew's "Six Cups of
Chocolate," and"The Magic
Changes," by Miss Sara Morrison,
were given. They were full of
local hits and caused a great deal
of merriment. After the farces
were concluded the guests played
all the old-time Hallowe'en tricks,
and faculty and students together
ducked for apples, blew out can
dles, and played in popcorn con
tests.
Madrono Hall was gaily decor
ated last night for the Hallowe'en
party which its young ladies gave
to the members of the faculty and
their friends. Everything sug
gestive of the wierdness and sym
bolism of the night was used in
decoration. Two farces, one adapt
ed by Miss Josephine Turcot from
Edith Matthew's "Six Cups of
Chocolate," and"The Magic
Changes," by Miss Sara Morrison,
were given. They were full of
local hits and caused a great deal
of merriment. After the farces
were concluded the guests played
all the old-time Hallowe'en tricks,
and faculty and students together
ducked for apples, blew out can
dles, and played in popcorn con
tests.
Madrono Hall was gaily decor
ated last night for the Hallowe'en
party which its young ladies gave
to the members of the faculty and
their friends. Everything sug
gestive of the wierdness and sym
bolism of the night was used in
decoration. Two farces, one adapt
ed by Miss Josephine Turcot from
Edith Matthew's "Six Cups of
Chocolate," and"The Magic
Changes," by Miss Sara Morrison,
were given. They were full of
local hits and caused a great deal
of merriment. After the farces
were concluded the guests played
all the old-time Hallowe'en tricks,
and faculty and students together
ducked for apples, blew out can
dles, and played in popcorn con
tests.
Madrono Hall was gaily decor
ated last night for the Hallowe'en
party which its young ladies gave
to the members of the faculty and
their friends. Everything sug
gestive of the wierdness and sym
bolism of the night was used in
decoration. Two farces, one adapt
ed by Miss Josephine Turcot from
Edith Matthew's "Six Cups of
Chocolate," and"The Magic
Changes," by Miss Sara Morrison,
were given. They were full of
local hits and caused a great deal
of merriment. After the farces
were concluded the guests played
all the old-time Hallowe'en tricks,
and faculty and students together
ducked for apples, blew out can
dles, and played in popcorn con
tests.
Madrono Hall was gaily decor
ated last night for the Hallowe'en
party which its young ladies gave
to the members of the faculty and
their friends. Everything sug
gestive of the wierdness and sym
bolism of the night was used in
decoration. Two farces, one adapt
ed by Miss Josephine Turcot from
Edith Matthew's "Six Cups of
Chocolate," and"The Magic
Changes," by Miss Sara Morrison,
were given. They were full of
local hits and caused a great deal
of merriment. After the farces
were concluded the guests played
all the old-time Hallowe'en tricks,
and faculty and students together
ducked for apples, blew out can
dles, and played in popcorn con
tests.
Madrono Hall was gaily decor
ated last night for the Hallowe'en
party which its young ladies gave
to the members of the faculty and
their friends. Everything sug
gestive of the wierdness and sym
bolism of the night was used in
decoration. Two farces, one adapt
ed by Miss Josephine Turcot from
Edith Matthew's "Six Cups of
Chocolate," and"The Magic
Changes," by Miss Sara Morrison,
were given. They were full of
local hits and caused a great deal
of merriment. After the farces
were concluded the guests played
all the old-time Hallowe'en tricks,
and faculty and students together
ducked for apples, blew out can
dles, and played in popcorn con
tests.
