# Ski Event to Draw 650 SU Students
## 
### 
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
An estimated 650 Stanford stu
dents will depart Friday to Squaw
Valley to ski at the ski club's an
nual winter carnival. The club has
announced that the chartered bus
will leave Friday at 4 p.m. from
behind the ASSU office.
Entertainment on Friday and
Saturday nights will feature the
Wailers and folk singer Bob Gib
son. Races for beginners and ad
vanced skiiers will be held Satur
day.
Benefits for those buying tickets
include three free meals and re
duced rates on lifts and tows.
Tickets for the weekend will be
sold today from 2-5 p.m. at the
ski club desk in the ASSU office.
