# Inside
## Out Of Our Past 
### 
In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

In a Big Game tradition that is no longer, Stanford freshmen guard a
campus checkpoint as they try to keep pre-Big Game invaders from UC-
Berkeley off the Farm in 1952. Because representatives from both schools
signed an anti-aggression pact that year, tew Cal students ventured onto
campus. However, the freshman guards stationed near the bonfire site at
Lake Lagunita did capture three Cal infiltrators, shaving their heads at En

cina Hall before sending them home. The valiant efforts of the freshmen
were all in vain, though, as the Bears smashed the Indians 26-0. But an
other Stanford football team fared better that Saturday: The Daily
defeated The Daily Californian 18-7 in the first-ever Ink Bowl, now an an
nual Big Game-day contest between the two papers. The quality of this
picture is less than perfect since the negative is 31 years old.

