# Adv. 43 Page 8
## 
### 
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
STAN KENTON S TROTECE
A| Bei'ctto arid his
j
Quintet
p!us Bobby Short
PACK'S
I
609 Market Street
San Francisco
|„
