# Fencing
## 
### 
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
The Elwyn Bugge-coached fencing
team was led by Tony Hodge to a
smashingly successful season with
17-8 and 20-5 victories over Cal as
the high points. Carl Walter is the
only graduating foilman on the
squad.
