# Sophomore Class Meeting.
## 
### 
Phil Wilson was yesterday after
noon elected president of the Class
of IIJOI.l l J01. Vice-president Gillespie
called the meeting to order in room
62 at 4:30, and a ballot was im
mediately taken for president,
which resulted in fifty-tour votes
for Wilson and forty-eight for Gil
man. The following officers were
unanimously chosen: First vice
president, A. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary, F.
Drake; treasurer, Frank Hamilton;
historian, Miss Winifred Morgan;
track manager, A. Stewart; base
ball manager, C. J. Swindells;
football manager, 11. G. Burmister;
class council. Win. Erb, Richard
Lockey, Frank Foster, Gifford L.
Sobey, E. M. Wardall, and Miss
Bertha Shaw.
Phil Wilson was yesterday after
noon elected president of the Class
of IIJOI.l l J01. Vice-president Gillespie
called the meeting to order in room
62 at 4:30, and a ballot was im
mediately taken for president,
which resulted in fifty-tour votes
for Wilson and forty-eight for Gil
man. The following officers were
unanimously chosen: First vice
president, A. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary, F.
Drake; treasurer, Frank Hamilton;
historian, Miss Winifred Morgan;
track manager, A. Stewart; base
ball manager, C. J. Swindells;
football manager, 11. G. Burmister;
class council. Win. Erb, Richard
Lockey, Frank Foster, Gifford L.
Sobey, E. M. Wardall, and Miss
Bertha Shaw.
Phil Wilson was yesterday after
noon elected president of the Class
of IIJOI.l l J01. Vice-president Gillespie
called the meeting to order in room
62 at 4:30, and a ballot was im
mediately taken for president,
which resulted in fifty-tour votes
for Wilson and forty-eight for Gil
man. The following officers were
unanimously chosen: First vice
president, A. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary, F.
Drake; treasurer, Frank Hamilton;
historian, Miss Winifred Morgan;
track manager, A. Stewart; base
ball manager, C. J. Swindells;
football manager, 11. G. Burmister;
class council. Win. Erb, Richard
Lockey, Frank Foster, Gifford L.
Sobey, E. M. Wardall, and Miss
Bertha Shaw.
Phil Wilson was yesterday after
noon elected president of the Class
of IIJOI.l l J01. Vice-president Gillespie
called the meeting to order in room
62 at 4:30, and a ballot was im
mediately taken for president,
which resulted in fifty-tour votes
for Wilson and forty-eight for Gil
man. The following officers were
unanimously chosen: First vice
president, A. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary, F.
Drake; treasurer, Frank Hamilton;
historian, Miss Winifred Morgan;
track manager, A. Stewart; base
ball manager, C. J. Swindells;
football manager, 11. G. Burmister;
class council. Win. Erb, Richard
Lockey, Frank Foster, Gifford L.
Sobey, E. M. Wardall, and Miss
Bertha Shaw.
Phil Wilson was yesterday after
noon elected president of the Class
of IIJOI.l l J01. Vice-president Gillespie
called the meeting to order in room
62 at 4:30, and a ballot was im
mediately taken for president,
which resulted in fifty-tour votes
for Wilson and forty-eight for Gil
man. The following officers were
unanimously chosen: First vice
president, A. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary, F.
Drake; treasurer, Frank Hamilton;
historian, Miss Winifred Morgan;
track manager, A. Stewart; base
ball manager, C. J. Swindells;
football manager, 11. G. Burmister;
class council. Win. Erb, Richard
Lockey, Frank Foster, Gifford L.
Sobey, E. M. Wardall, and Miss
Bertha Shaw.
Phil Wilson was yesterday after
noon elected president of the Class
of IIJOI.l l J01. Vice-president Gillespie
called the meeting to order in room
62 at 4:30, and a ballot was im
mediately taken for president,
which resulted in fifty-tour votes
for Wilson and forty-eight for Gil
man. The following officers were
unanimously chosen: First vice
president, A. Stewart; second vice
president, E. Warren; secretary, F.
Drake; treasurer, Frank Hamilton;
historian, Miss Winifred Morgan;
track manager, A. Stewart; base
ball manager, C. J. Swindells;
football manager, 11. G. Burmister;
class council. Win. Erb, Richard
Lockey, Frank Foster, Gifford L.
Sobey, E. M. Wardall, and Miss
Bertha Shaw.
