# Eden Invites Faculty To Attend Army Film
## 
### 
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
President Tresidder has received
word from Col. John R. Eden in -
viting members of the faculty to
attend the showing of a film on
military training in the auditorium
of the Education building this aft
ernoon at .1 p.m. A second showing
will he given tomorrow morning at
11.
The film is one which the War
Department makes a "must" for
all officers who have training du
ties. It emphasizes army instruc
tional methods.
