# Men Eligible to Take Navy Aptitude Test
## 
### 
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
Students whose draft deferments ,
will not he extended beyond July 1 1
are eligible to take the "Eddy" test
of their aptitude for being trained
as navy radio technicians.
According to information re- i
ceived by the President's Office
from K. R. Moynilian, technician
first class of the naval recruiting
service in San Francisco, the test
will be given at Stanford if suffi
cient students wish to take it. Per
sons interested are asked to get in
touch with the Dean of Men's Of- j
flee.
