# Vaccination Slips
## 
### 
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
Tomorrow is the last day for
filing vaccination slips without a
fine. The last day to file with a
fine is Nov. 3.
All new students who have not
filed slips by that time will have
their registration canceled.
