# ‘Ditto’ Equipment Available for Use
## 
### 
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
Stanford students or staff
members needing the use of a
duplicating (Ditto) machine are
invited to use the equipment and
facilities provided by the Educa
tion Council in cube 'K' on the
third floor of the Education
Building.
The key to the room may be
obtained from the desk in Cub
bcrly Library, and master sheets
and paper arc available at the
Bookstore.
