# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
P
A
L 1
O
A
L
T
O
G
A
R
A
G
E
j
PLYMOUTH
i
DE SOTO
REPAIRS I
AND
SERVICE
At Reasonable
# Prices
j
on all makes of cars by
mechanics with not less
than ten years' experience
CARS PAINTED
$1 5.00 up
•
BODY, TOP AND
FENDER WORK
•
AUTOMOTIVE
ENGINEERS
•
PHIL MEIBACH, '14, Prop.
440-442 EMERSON
•
JUST OFF
UNIVERSITY AVE.
■ u i\ v ■..
