# Row, Frosh Await First Rush Period
## Fraternities Entertain '38 Under Altered Rules 
### 
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
More than 500 rather bewildered
freshmen tomorrow will have their
first try at making conversation
with the mighty Greeks, and thereby
will inaugurate the first rushing
period.
Coming a week later than it did
last year, the period will be a day
longer, lasting from Tuesday
through Thursday and consisting of
six meals, rather than four, on the
Row. Another important alteration
in the rules is that a freshman may
accept three invitations to the same
house, one more than was allowed
last year.
The hours of contact are from
11:30 to 2 o'clock for lunch and from
5:30 to 8 o'clock for dinner.
Only official rushing cards, issued
by the Interfraternity Council, are
binding between the frosh and the
row men. Telephoned and personal
acceptances are not binding and may
be broken at will. These cards have
already been issued, mailed, and
received. ,
The rules concerning relations
between Encina men and the Greeks
are essentially the same as last
year. Row men must keep out of
Encina except with the permission
of and accompanied by a sponsor not
a member of his house. Only normal
contacts "of a public and informal
nature" are permitted, and there is
to be no off-campus rushing other
than during the Thanksgiving vaca
tion and the period between quar
ters.
The number of pledges any house
may have has not yet been deter
mined, but according to George
Cobb, president of the Interfrater
nity Council, 14 probably will be
the maximum. Hooses which do not
pledge their quota at the end of
this rushing season may fill vacan
cies spring quarter. Junior trans
fers and upperclassmen may be
rushed at any time, artd pledged
immediately.
