# Craig Named Member Of English Award Jury
## 
### 
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
Professor Hardin Craig of the Eng
lish department has been named one
of the seven members of the 1934
jury of award in the fourth annual
California Literature Medal Award
contest of the Commonwealth Club
of California.
The jury will award gold and sil
ver medals to California authors of
books published in 1934. It exer
cises an important position in re
warding contemporary literature of
California authors, which has been
carefully judged as to its lasting
merit.
