# NEW COMMANDER
## 
### 

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)

Delegates to the national conven
tion of the American Legion at
Miami chose Frank Belgrano, San
Francisco banker, to head their or
ganization aa commander for the
coming year. (Associated Press
Photo)
