# PUBLICATION DATES CHANGE
## 
### 
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
For the remainder of the summer
quarter, The Daily will be pub
lished Tuesdays and Fridays in
stead of Tuesdays and Thursdays.
