# Tennis Duo Loses NCAA Matches
## 
### 
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
Stanford's netters died fighting in
the NCAA tennis championships.
Charlie Hickox, who was seeded
tenth, was upset by Robert Luxen
berg of North Carolina, 4-6, 8-6,
6-4. Tom Lewyn, the other half of
Stanford's team, was swamped by
Larry Huebner of UCLA, G-2, G—2.
USC remained strong tournament
favorite as their two aces breezed
*o easy wins. First-seeded Trojan
Earl Cochell beat Ray Smith of No
tre Dame, 6-3, 6-0. Hugh Stewart,
who is seeded third, defeated
George Bradley in a '■hard - fought
match, 6-1, 6-8. 6-0.
