# PSYCHOLOGIST DIES
## 
### 
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
Dr. Ellen Blythe Sullivan, pro
fessor of psychology, University of
California, died last Monday in Los
Angeles. Dr. Sullivan, who received
her Ph.D. from Stanford in 1i)24, as
sisted Dr. Lewis M. Terman in the
follow-up of his 1,000 gifted sub
jects.
