# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
Poison Oak
If you take it, try our own
special remedy. It will re
lieve the itching and thus
help in effecting a rapid
cure.
University Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
Half Block Below the Circle
On University Ave.
