# Correction
## 
### 
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
The Daily incorrectly reported yes
terday that a high school student has
been arrested for attempting to gain
access to Stanford's computer net
work. According to Stanford Police
Detective Ron Levine, the student
has only been charged with trespass
ing in the computer room of Home
stead High School. In addition. The
Daily reported incorrectly the date
the student obtained the key to the
computer room and the number of at
tempts he made in January to access
Stanford's system. Levine said the
student had the key for many months
and that 183 attempts to access the
system were made from Jan. 3 to Jan.
29. Levine also said the District At
torney's Office provided only techni
cal advice on the investigation, and
was not involved with the case to the
degree The Daily reported.
