# 1912 PROM WILL BE DISTINCTIVE EVENT
## INNER QUAD TO BE SCENE OF UNIQUE AFFAIR. Senior Class Promises to Realize Ideals of This Original Stanford Feature. 
### 
Friday evening, May 17, is the date
selected for this year's Senior Prom.
This event, which is the distinctive
feature of Senior Week, occurs on the
third night of the closing week of fes
tivities. The Senior Prom Committee,
of which J. F. Partridge is chairman,
promises an exceptional promenade
this year. This affair is distinctly a
Stanford function and this is the one
University where such a decided de
parture from the customary indoor
affairs is feasible. The committee in
charge plans to make this year's Prom
as near the ideal established by the
originators of the plan as possible.
As usual, the affair will be held upon
the Inner Quadrangle. Rand and in
strumental music will furnish the pro
gram of entertainment. The Olee and
Mandolin Clubs, which made a decided
hit upon this occasion last year. Will
probably appear in a number of
selections.
Refreshments Served in Booths.
The customary refreshment booths
will be placed at convenient spots
about the Quad. Many original and
and pleasirig surprises await those
who attend this typical Stanford affair.
Members of the Board of Trustees,
Faculty, Holdovers, Seniors, Juniors,
Sophomores, Freshmen, queens, queen
ers, non-queeners, drys, roughs and
commuters are expected to show their
real Stanford spirit and lend their
presence to this unique Cardinal func
tion, which is made possible only by
the University's superior location and
climatic advantages. There will be no
charge for admission.
