# Y.W.C.A. HEARS OF SOCIAL SERVICE WORK.
## 
### 
The innumerable opportunities in
active social service which the world
of today offers to the college woman
was the subject of the talk by Dr.
Jessica Peixotto of the University of
California before the Young Women's
Christian Association Tuesday after
noon.
The special music was furnished by
Miss E. Smoot, '15, and a vocal solo
by Miss A. Hanna, '11.
The last meeting of the year next
Tuesday will be addressed by Miss
Prown, the travelling secretary of the
Student Volunteer Movement. Miss
Prown, who is a Wellesly graduate,
will be here from May 6th to Bth, and
anyone wishing to talk with her about
the work can make appointments
through Miss Hutchins in the Rest
room.
