# Dickens Movie Today
## 
### 
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
"Nicholas Niekleby," a film
based on the novel by Charles
Dickens, will be shown in Cub
berley Auditorium this afternoon
at 4:15. There is no admission
charge.
