# Bowling Signup In Mural News
## 
### 
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
Various living groups have
played over 144 games in the first
two weeks of campus intramural
athletic activity. A change in
schedule for next week will find
only 4:10 p.m. games scheduled.
The 4:50 time will be used for
make-up purposes in touch foot
ball.
There are still openings for six
bowling teams in the intramural
program, Director Elwyn B.
Bug g e announced yesterday.
These openings must be restrict
ed to one to a living group, and
applications may be filed in the
BAG before 5 p.m. today.
Make-up matches in the first
round of two-man volleyball, ta
ble tennis and handball must be
completed by this evening. Ar
rangements for these should be
made immediately, as those not
played off will be disqualified.
