# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Kathryn McAllis
ter, '57, to Ray Miller, '57, Phi
Delta Theta.
