# Stanford NAACP To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
The Stanford chapter of the
National Association for the Ait
vancement of Colored People will
meet tonight at K on the third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Franklin 11 Williams, regional
secretary of the NAACP, will
speak oji "The NAACP: Its Aims
and Methods." The meeting is
open to the public.
