# DIRECTORIES WILL BE READY FOR STUDENTS IN TWO WEEKS' TIME
## 
### 
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
According to a statement from the
Registrar's office, the Director of Stu
dents. more commonly known as the
"Bawl-Out," will be ready for distribu
tion about July 10.
