# STANFORD MAN WINS SILVER GATE SWIM FOR SECOND TIME
## 
### 
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
Carl Stevenson, a member of the
San Francisco Olympic Club and a
Stanford man, won the eighth annual
Silver Gate Swim at San Diego on
Sunday, June 26, with a time of 7
minutes and 3 seconds. He has won
this swim for two consecutive years,
and will enter the annual mile race
held at Healdsburg, on the Russian
river, on July 4th. He now holds the
championship for the Healdsburg
event.
