# Nestoria to Debate on Wednesday Night
## 
### 
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
Nestoria Debating Society will hold
its first debate of the \*ear next Wed
nesday evening on the topic, "Re
solved, That the Representatives of
the Nations in the World Peace Con
ference Should be Elected by the Peo
ple of the Nation they Represent."
Jolfn Storck. '19, and Jere Hurley,
1!), will debate for the affirmative,
and Win. Fnndenberg. '10, and Eary
Covey, '20, will support the negative.
