# Antrim and Doron Chosen [illegible]ell Leaders
## 
### 
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
J. S. Doron, '19, and W. E. Antrim,
'19, were passed by the Executive
Committee today as assistant yell -
eaders, after receiving tlie popular
vote of the students. Balloting was
carried on during the recent Rugby
games, the last ballot being taken last
Saturday.
Doron is a member of the Theta Xi
fraternity and Antrim is a Theta Delta
Chi. The two N'ineteeners have the
swings and motions down to a fine
point.
