# Junipero Serra Club Will Give Dance Thursday Nov. 8
## 
### 
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
On November 8, the Junipero Serra
Club, an organization of Stanford
Catholics, will give a dance in Palo
Alio. Many plans are under way to
make the affair a success.
Arrangements are in charge of the
executive committee which was chosen
last week.
