# E. E. Society Will Organize Tomorrow
## 
### 
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
Electrical Engineering Society will
hold its first meeting of the year to
morrow evening. As the society has
suffered greatly from the war, it will
be necessary to form an organization
at this meeting. Professor H. J. Ryan
will address the engineers on the
benefits to be derived from an active
Electrical Engineering organization.
The meeting will be held in Room 280
at 7:45.
