# ADAMS TO PRINT TEXAS HISTORY
## 
### 
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
"British Correspondence Concern
ing Texas," edited by Professor E. D.
Adams of the History department, ap
pears in its final installment in the
October isShe of the Southwestern
Historical Quarterly, published by the
University of Texas. The work of
publishing this correspondence was
begun in January, 1912, and has been
continued in each issue up to the pres
ent time, covering a period of six
years.
The material, consisting of letters
passing to and from the English gov
ernment and its diplomatic agents in
Texas during the ten years in which
that state was an independent repub
lic, will be made more accessible for
libraries and students, it is expected,
by being published in book form.
