# OAS Ambassadors To Tour Campus, SRI Tomorrow
## 
### 
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
Twenty-one ambassadors to the
Organization of American States,
who are on a week long tour of
the West Coast, will visit Stan
ford and the Stanford -Research
Institute tomorrow.
Upon their arrival here the am
bassadors will inspect the Hoo
ver Library. They will be greet
ed by President Wallace Sterling
at the inspection, after which
they will attend a reception at
the home of Ronald Hilton, Di
rector of Hispanic American
Studies. After a luncheon al the
Union the officials will inspect
the SRI laboratories.
The following countries will be
represented: Argentina, Bolivia,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa
Rica, Cuba, Ecuador. El Salva
dor, the United States of Amer
ica, Guatemala, llaili, Honduras,
Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Pa
raguay, Peru, Dominican Repub
lic, Uruguay and Venezuela.
The OAS, ;t regional body with
in the United Nations, was cre
ated in HMH in Colombia. Its pur
pose fs to promote peace and to
defend the sovereignty and terri
torial rights of the 21 republics.
