# COLLECT LARGE SUM
## ALUMNI GATHER FUNDS FOR JORDAN'S PORTRAIT. Work To Be Done by Sargent, the Famous London Portrait Painter. 
### 
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
The committee appointed by the
alumni to raise $5,000 from Stan
ford people for the proposed por
trait of Doctor Jordan by Sargent,
has begun an active campaign to
secure the money. The committee
in charge of the affair consists of:
F. J. Teggart, '94, of San Francis
co; H. C. Hoover, '05, of London,
England; Archie Rice, '95, of San
Francisco; J. E. Reynolds, '96, of
New York, and E. L. Brune, '01, of
San Francisco.
The members of the committee
are making personal collections,
but in addition they have sent out
collection sheets to one alumni in
each city where Stanford has a col
ony. All of the sheets will eventu
ally be bound and placed in the
library as a record.
Eighty members of the San Fran
cisco Stanford colony alone have
already subscribed an aggregate of
$600 toward the portrait fund. No
one is permitted to give more than
$10. The committee expects to
raise about $1,000 from San Fran
cisco, $1,000 from undergraduates,
the faculty and Stanford alumni in
Palo Alto, and the other $3,000 at
large from the cities and towns
where alumni and former students
are living.
