# Paths Being Repaired.
## 
### 
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
The paths along the main drive,
which have been in a poor con
dition, are being repaired for the
big game. The loose rocks are be
ing scraped off, and the paths
widened to a small extent. Level
ing by means of rollers is now in
progress. A number of dead palms,
lining the paths, are being removed
and new ones putin their places.
