# BELGIAN PROFESSOR TO LECTURE TUESDAY
## 
### 
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
Jean Capart, professor of the univer
sity and director of the Royal Cinquan
tenaire Museum of Brussels, Belgium,
will lecture on "Queen Elizabeth at
Tutankhamen's Tomb" next Tuesday
evening at 7:15 in the Little Theatre.
M. Capart is in the United States as
visiting professor for the Commission
of Relief in Belgium Foundation. The
Foundation is arranging a lecture tour
for Capart which will cover the United
States.
