# Y.M.C.A. CONFERENCE HERE
## 
### 
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
A conference of men from the uni
versities, colleges and theological
seminaries of the central section of
California will be held on the Quad
at Stanford to discuss the general
theme, "World Conditions and the
Christian Church." Friday and Satur
day of this week.
Conference delegates will he the
guests of the Young Men's Christian
Association and the Stanford church
during their stay on the campus. A.
ft. Worthy, '15, is the Stanford mem
ber of the program and business com
mittee.
Dr. Fitch will speak at the Saturday
morning and afternoon sessions of the
conference.
