# Stunt Party in Club House, Thursday
## 
### 
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
Women's Conference annonnces the
second stunt party of the year for
next Thursday, at 4:30, in the Club
House. The meeting will bo In the
nature of an old-time "get-together,"
to enable the older women and the
freshmen to become better ac
quainted. *
Miss Hazel Fisher. '15, president of
Women's Conference, will talk, and
there will be individual stunts by
members of the five-hundred.
In planning these stunt parties, the
Conference feels that it is carrying
out the original purpose of the Club
House as a meeting place for Stanford
women, and everyone is urged to at
tend.
