# California Woman Writer, Is Visitor
## 
### 
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
Miss Evelyn Stelle, a prominent
member of the class of 1914 at. the
University of California, was on the
campus. Monday. Miss Stelle wrote
the 1914 Parthenia, and is now
women's editor of the Daily Cali
fornia ti.
