# Pleading Inanity
## Moral Baggins 
### 
In Plato's "Republic," Book 2, Glaucon
tells the tale of Gyges' magic ring, a "pre
cious" ring, if you will, that renders its
bearer invisible. As Glaucon tells it, the
"lord" of this ring, once immune from the so
cietal repercussions of his misdeeds, would
not remain a moral "tower." Thus, Glaucon
concludes, morality is something we follow
only because we fear the reprisal of the "fel
lowships" to which we belong, and we will be
unjust whenever we are out of their sight.
A couple of weeks ago, 1 found myself
wearing Gyges" Ring (which, contrary to
popular belief, is not available through
Plato's memorabilia Web site). Through pure
happenstance, 1 was granted access to a
friend's Stanford email account â€” a friend
in whom I had more than a passing interest.
(Note to all you Webmail users: remember to

delete your single sign-on cookie before let
ting someone else use your computer!) After
scanning the email subjects and senders, I
quickly realized that I had to make an imme
diate decision: Do I read the emails or not?
One side of me pointed out that I hadn't
hacked into her account; it was basically pre
sented to me. When this sort of enticing and
highly relevant information was thrust in my
face, how could 1 not look? (That was the

lawyer speaking.) The other side of me, al
though speaking from my heart, didn't have
much of an argument. It just said, "This is
wrong. This isn't respecting her the way she
ought to be respected."
Well, for better or for worse, I didn't read
the emails. What surprised me afterward was
that, although I felt like I made the "right"
decision, I also felt like kind of an idiot. If I
had read her emails, the potential benefits
were innumerable: I could find out if she was
seeing other people, I could get a better idea
of how she felt about me, and I could even get
to know her tastes so that I could buy her
things that would "happen" to be her favorite
flower/food/author. In essence, I could have



Vishnu
Sridharan
