# Adv. 15 Page 4
## 
### 
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
i
w ! 4
SUCCESSFUL
1 STUDENTS
in Physics, Mathematics,
and Electrical Engineer
ing are asked to join the
Lincoln Laboratory scien
tists and engineers
whose ideas have con
tributed to new concepts
in the field of electronic
air defense.
• Heavy Radars
• Memory Dcvkes
• Transistorized
Digital Computers
• Scatter Communications
• Solid State
• AEW
(air-borne eaily warning)
• SAGE
(semi-automatic ground
environment)
• Systems Analysis
OCTOBER 3\st
Senior Lincoln Laboratory
technical staff members
will be on campus. Ap
pointments may be made
with the Placement
Office.
AND OIVILOrMINT
|l B lINCOIN lA»ORATO*y
Bon 21, Ifii'ngfon, Mini,
