# Entertainment
## 
### 
The Menlo Players
Guild is performing
Shakespeare with a
twist. They've taken "A
Midsummer Night's
Dream" and moved it
to the '60s, complete
with miniskirts and
headbands. Old
William may never be
the same.
See page 11

The Menlo Players
Guild is performing
Shakespeare with a
twist. They've taken "A
Midsummer Night's
Dream" and moved it
to the '60s, complete
with miniskirts and
headbands. Old
William may never be
the same.
See page 11

The Menlo Players
Guild is performing
Shakespeare with a
twist. They've taken "A
Midsummer Night's
Dream" and moved it
to the '60s, complete
with miniskirts and
headbands. Old
William may never be
the same.
See page 11

The Menlo Players
Guild is performing
Shakespeare with a
twist. They've taken "A
Midsummer Night's
Dream" and moved it
to the '60s, complete
with miniskirts and
headbands. Old
William may never be
the same.
See page 11

The Menlo Players
Guild is performing
Shakespeare with a
twist. They've taken "A
Midsummer Night's
Dream" and moved it
to the '60s, complete
with miniskirts and
headbands. Old
William may never be
the same.
See page 11

The Menlo Players
Guild is performing
Shakespeare with a
twist. They've taken "A
Midsummer Night's
Dream" and moved it
to the '60s, complete
with miniskirts and
headbands. Old
William may never be
the same.
See page 11

The Menlo Players
Guild is performing
Shakespeare with a
twist. They've taken "A
Midsummer Night's
Dream" and moved it
to the '60s, complete
with miniskirts and
headbands. Old
William may never be
the same.
See page 11

