# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
| DATSUN SAVES
41 mpg
b-21 0 4 sod
See Your Local Volume Dealer
new-uscd-flcet-lcase
Palo Alto Datsun
2617 El Camino Palo Alto
497-5100
1
