# Farm Physiologist To Study Animals
## 
### 
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
The mechanisms by which small
cold-blooded animals adapt them
selves to extremes of heat and cold
in climate will be studied by Dr.
John Field, Stanford physiologist,
under a contract with the Office of
Naval Research.
Dr. Field will leave in July for
Point Barrow, Alaska, where he
will set lip the cold-weather exper
iment. Later, he will set up a
mild-weather test in a more tem
perate area on the Pacific Coast.
The tests in an extremely hot cli
mate will be made in the ti'opical
zones of Panama.
