# Madrono Gives Party For Campus Tonight
## 
### 
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
The first all-campus party will be
held tonight at 8 at Madrono Hall,
according to Pat Brown, AWS pres
ident.
Miss Brown urged all upperclass
men to come and said that there
will be dancing, "on the lawn, if
you wish," games, and refresh
ments.
