# Astronomy Course Is Non-Technical
## 
### 
A five-unit course in descriptive
astronomy, approaching the sub
ject from a non - technical view
point, will be offered this summer.
While the course is listed as
Mathematics 50. it has no math or
science prerequisites and will be
designed to give students a broad
view into the phenomena of the
skies.
A field trip to Mt. Hamilton will
be included in the course, which
will be held three or four times a
week at 1 p.m. and will also have
some night sessions.
The night classes will consist of
star and planet identification and
observations through the Univer
sity's 6- and 12-inch telescopes.
Students interested in the course
are asked to see the instructor,
Charles A. Stone, room G5. Mathe
matics Building.
