# CHOIR SEEKS NEW TALENT
## 
### 
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
All persons interested in singing
with the Stanford choir during the
summer quarter are ui'ged to at
tend a meeting at 5 p.m. today in
the Memorial Church choir room.
Newcomers are asked to see Mr.
Schmidt at the Knoll prior to the
meeting.
