# Adv. 5 Page 1
## 
### 
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
The library lias announced
an extension in hours for
winter quarter.
The Reserve Book Room,
the Main Loan Desk and
Stack, and the Humanities
and Social Sciences Rooms
will be open weekdays from
8 a.m. to 11 p.m., Saturday
from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and
Sunday from 1 p.m. to II
p.m. These depart, m ents,
which formerly were not,
will now be open on Sunday
evenings.
The other departments of
the Main Library will main
tain their regular hours.
