# PACE Reaches $63 Million Mark
## 
### 
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
Stanford trustees were notified
last Thursday that the Universi
ty’s PACE campaign total passed
the $63 million mark as 1962
ended. The December total alone
was more than $6 million.
T. S. Petersen, chairman of the
PACE campaign steering commit
tee, told the trustees meeting
here that year-end tabulations
just completed show’ $63,216,000
so far chalked up by the univer
sity in its three-year capital cam
paign. This leaves $36.8 million
to go to the $lOO million goal.
Included in the total are gifts,
pledges, and the matching dollars
they are “earning" through a $25
million incentive grant by the
Ford Foundation.

The funds are being used by
Stanford as they become avail
able for improved faculty sal
aries, the addition of many na
tionally eminent scholars and sci
entists in teaching posts, an ex
panded scholarship and student
services program, improved li
brary facilities, a long overdue
construction and renovation pro
gram, and current educational ex
penses.
