# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nothing is more indicative of the
strength of a scientific department of a
university than the ability to provide
lucrative and congenial employment for
its students and graduates. The geo
logical department deserves great credit
for its endeavors in this respect. All
its men who so desire have been placed
during the long vacations in situations
at once remunerative and valuable as
affording practical experience. The
notice in another column of the depar
ture of a graduate student in the de
partment to do practical work among
the rocks is very gratifying, and shows
the energy of the head of the depart
ment and his iutinnte relations with the
practicing part of his profession. Not
only are such appointments agreeable to
the student, but they serve in a most
important way to bring before the act
ive part of the scientific world the qu d
ity of the work dune here. Other de
partments have also done good work in
this respect and arc deserving of great
commendation.
Nothing is more indicative of the
strength of a scientific department of a
university than the ability to provide
lucrative and congenial employment for
its students and graduates. The geo
logical department deserves great credit
for its endeavors in this respect. All
its men who so desire have been placed
during the long vacations in situations
at once remunerative and valuable as
affording practical experience. The
notice in another column of the depar
ture of a graduate student in the de
partment to do practical work among
the rocks is very gratifying, and shows
the energy of the head of the depart
ment and his iutinnte relations with the
practicing part of his profession. Not
only are such appointments agreeable to
the student, but they serve in a most
important way to bring before the act
ive part of the scientific world the qu d
ity of the work dune here. Other de
partments have also done good work in
this respect and arc deserving of great
commendation.
