# George W. Cable.
## 
### 
Posters arc now out announcing the
appearance of Geo. W. Cable in the
chapel next Friday evening. The foot
ball management has incurred great ex
pense in securing Mr. Cable's services,
and a crowded house should greet the
famous novelist. The admission will be
fifty cents, including reserved seats.
No tickets will be sold after the re
served seats are disposed of. Tickets
may bo secured at the registrar's oflice
from 1:1 to 2:30 Wednesday after-
Posters arc now out announcing the
appearance of Geo. W. Cable in the
chapel next Friday evening. The foot
ball management has incurred great ex
pense in securing Mr. Cable's services,
and a crowded house should greet the
famous novelist. The admission will be
fifty cents, including reserved seats.
No tickets will be sold after the re
served seats are disposed of. Tickets
may bo secured at the registrar's oflice
from 1:1 to 2:30 Wednesday after-
