# GOLF CHAMPION WILL REPRESENT U. OF W.
## 
### 
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
Jack Westland of Everett, Wash
ington, Pacific Coast intercollegiate
golf champion, will represent the Uni
versity of Washington at the inter
collegiate golf tournament at Del
Monte.
