# Quirino Feeling Fine After Kidney Operation
## 
### 
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 1(5
dent Elpidio Quirino emerged from
an hour-long kidney stone operation
today in "excellent condition" and
with a merry word of cheer for his
family.
"I teel like a lighting cock," the
president muttered .as he roused
from sleep less than an hour aftci
the operation.
