# Franco Reported In Deal With Russ
## 
### 
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
MADRID, Jan. 16 (/P>—Arch anti-
Communist Generalissimo Franco is
reliably reported to be trying to do
business with Russia because the
Western Powers won't deal with him.
Usually well-informed sources
said today Spanish representatives
in Cairo and Paris are negotiating a
multi-million-dollar barter agree
ment with Soviet diplomats. If con
cluded the deal would provide for a
swap of Spanish mercury, wolfram,
olive oil, and wines for Russian
wheat and petroleum products.
