# Biz School Slates Transportation Talks by Experts
## 
### 
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
A series of lectures on motor car
rier economics, by top authorities in
the field, has been included in
Graduate School of Business
courses. The series is unique among
schools.
Arranged by Carl McDowell,
transportation expert on the Bi/.
School faculty, the series has in
cluded a lecture Saturday by John
L. Springer, president of the West
ern Highway Institute, on "Motor
Carrier Public Relations and Legis
lative Problems in the Eleven West
ern States."
Today, Tony Lombardi of Cantlay
and Tanzola, Los Angeles, will lec
ture on "fleet Personnel Problems,"
and Friday, Roscoe Brooks of the
Garret Freight Lines in San Fran
cisco will speak on "Truck Termi
nal Operations."
"Fleet Safety Programs" will be
discussed by Wallace Taylor of the
Los Angeles-Seattle Motor Express
Tuesday, January 24.
