# AUTOMOBILE FIRE
## 
### 
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
Fire in an automobile near the
chemistry lab was responsible for
the alarm sounded last night at !).
The fire was soon brought under
control.
