# MUSIC
## Talk Tonight Marks Bach Anniversary 
### 
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
Dr. Manfred Bukofzer's discus
sion of "Johann Sebastian Bach —
The Master Craftsman," commemo
rating the 200 th anniversary of the
composer's death, will be held at
7:30 tonight in the Memorial
Church.
Herbert B. Nanncy, University
organist, and the men's section of
the University Choir, directed by
Harold C. Schmidt, will illustrate
the lecture with Bach selections.
Dr. Bukofzer, professor of music
at the University of California, is
the author of four books, including
"Music in the Baroque Era," and
numerous articles for music publi
cations. He was guest lecturer at
Cambridge, Oxford, and Basle Uni
versities and at Warburg Institute
before coming to this country in
1939.
The speaker's extensive musical
background began in his native
Germany at the Hocli Conservatory
of Music. He received his doctorate
in music at the University of Hei
delberg.
Selections illustrating the lecture
tonight will be: Canonic Variation
No. 2 on the chorale melody, "From
Heaven on High I Come"; "Zion
Hears Her Watchmen's Voices Call
ing," from Cantata No. 140; and
"Sleepers, Wake," performed by the
University Choir.
