# Accounting Jobs Open With State
## 
### 
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
California accountants with pro
fessional, public, or governmental
auditing experience are urgently
needed by the California Division
of Building and Loan for positions
as Semi-Senior and Senior Building
and Loan Examiners, according to
recruitment officials of the State
Personnel Board.
Entrance salaries range from $325
to $395. Maximum salary for sen
iors reaches a level of $481 monthly.
Applications are being accepted
through January 28. Appointments
are expected to be made in the Los
Angeles and San Francisco Bay
areas.
The new appointees will assist,
and in some instances direct, the
examinations of building and loan
associations.
Copies of the examination an
nouncement and application forms
may be secured from the State Per
sonnel Board, 1015 L Street. Sacra
mento, California.
