# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tickets for the French play
went on sale at the Bookstore and
at the Palace Pharmacy this morn
ing. No urging need be done; in
fact, nothing concerning the sale of
tickets need be said. There
should be and undoubtedly will be
a ready sale. The cause is a
worthy one, even more worthy than
any of us except those who have
been in the sick-rooms can know.
The Guild is under a heavy ex
pense, and it remains for the stu
dent body, which it stands for, to
back it up in its undertaking. So
far financial aid has come almost
entirely from the faculty, though
by no means wholly so. Every
student and every student organi
zation should bring aid to the
Guild at this time and plan syste

matically for the lowering of the
debt that seems inevitable. It is
possible that by every one doing
their share there will be no debt.
