# Phi Delta Phi Banquet.
## 
### 
The legal fraternity of Phi Delta
Phi held the last meeting of the
year at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon
house last nigh}. The active mem
bers, faculty, alumni, and guests
combined to make the evening en
tirely successful. At the supper
table Toastmaster Cowden called
upon a number of those present,
and the responses were able in the
extreme. F. \V. Doan, Law '03,
who represented the Stanford chap
ter' at the recent convention in
Chicago, gave an interesting ac
count of his trip and the work of
the convention. Rev. 1). Charles
Gardner, the guest of the evening,
Dr. Abbott, Instructor Burcham,
and several of the alumni and un
dergraduates responded to toasts.
