# HONOR CODE INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
Interviews for Honor Code Com
mllftoe chairman will be held Mon
day froh .*5:30 If) 5 p.m. in thr
ASSU president's oflice m the Un
ion.
