# Debate Finals Set Tomorrow
## 
### 
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
Both finalist teams for the Delta
Sigma Rho all-University debate
tournament were decided yesterday
when Larry Werner and Leonard
Low won a very close decision on
the affirmative from Roger Boas and
Jim Kessler. Boas and Kessler ear
lier in the afternoon had won their
quarter-final debate, defeating Bon
ner Richardson and Frank Binney on
the negative.
Jim Frolik and Shorty Grannis
will oppose Werner and Low tomor
row afternoon, qualifying for the
final round by virtue of defeating
Bill Eberlc and Bill Hornby on the
affirmative at the Luncheon Club
yesterday noon.
The winner of tomorrow's debate
will engage the San Quentin team
Sunday evening at 8 p.m. in a de
bate that will be broadcast over
KSFO.
"Resolved, that after the war a
federation of nations should be
formed to establish the Atlantic
Charter," is the question that has
been used all through the tourna
ment.
