# Branner to Elect Officers Tuesday
## 
### 
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
Announcing that the hall election
will be held next Tuesday, Jerry
Stoner, retiring president of Bran
ner Club, released the list of those
for whom nominating petitions have
been received.
The following have been nominat
ed: Herb Casey, A1 Ellsberg, Larry
Werner, president; Steve Kline, man
ager; Lionel Alanson, Jim Powell,
vice-president; Dudley Boyce, sec
retary; Dan Eymann, junior repre
sentative; Dick Keusink, sophomore
representative.
Stoner announced that there will
be a smoker Monday night at which
the candidates will be introduced.
Those elected serve to the end of
spring quarter, except the manager,
who will take office next fall for the
school year.
The U.S. bird population is esti
mated as at least 5 billion.
