# Round Table Will Discuss Pan America
## 
### 
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
Latin-American affairs hold the
spotlight over the week-end for
members of the Stanford debate
squad, who will join with three
members of the University of Wash
ington team in a round table discus
sion this afternoon at 4 p.m. in the
round table room of Memorial Hall.
This is one of a series of prepara
tion periods for Stanford students
interested in the forthcoming na
tional contest on inter-American
relations.
The local tryouts for the national
contest will be held Monday at 4
p.m. in Room 125 of Memorial Hall.
Six undergraduates will be selected
to represent Stanford at the regional
contest in San Francisco on March G.
All contestants should draw the
special topics for their extemporane
ous speeches at noon Monday in the
office of Coach Beck, Room 200 T.
Each contestant must then partici
pate in a round table forum at 4
p.m. From 5 to (> p.m. each con
testant will be required to give a
four-minute speech on the topic he
drew at noon.
Plans are also under way for a
triangular speech meet scheduled
for Saturday from 2 to 5 p.m. in
the Hoover Library. Stanford, Santa
Clara, and San Jose will participate
in the discussion on the good neigh
bor policy.
