# DANCE PATRONS NAMED
## 
### 
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
Patrons and patronesses for the
Chi Omega formal next Saturday
night have been announced as fol
lows: Dr. and Mrs. Graham Stuart,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Allen, Mrs.
Doris Murney, and Mrs. Garland E.
Vaugh; n. A spring theme complete
with w shing well will feature the
dance.
