# WAILING MOURNERS TO FOLLOW COFFIN OF DECEASED BEAR
## 
### 
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
California's spirit will be con
ducted to its funeral pyre with
all proper ceremony and mock
decorum at 8:15 o'clock tonight
when Sequoia Club will hold the
annual Big Game Wake bonfire.
In the procession will be in
cluded a minister, an undertaker,
a caisson on which will be placed
a huge coffin bearing the effigy
of the California Bear, eleven
battered and bruised football
players, a group of wailing
mourners, and a band. Twenty
torchbearers will light the party.
After a circuit of the campus,
funeral services will be conduct
ed and the coffin placed at the
top of the bonfire.
