# CAPTAIN EAGLE TALKS ON PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
## 
### 
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
"The resources of the Philippine Is
lands are tremendous, but few seem to
comprehend their possibilities," said Cap
tain Eagle of the San Francisco Presidio i
in his talk before the Cosmopolitan Club j
last night, lie has made an extended ex
ploration of the island of Mindora, for
which he received a government citation.
Captain Eagle, who was the first white |
man to penetrtate the island of Mindoro, j
did so partly from a wish lo investigate)
a native legend that a white tribe, the,
survivors of a shipwreck, inhabited the.
interior. Instead, he found vast natural j
resources.
Dixie Stall and Fred P.ianchi were ap
pointed debates to the Northern Cali-j
fornian Institute of Pacific Relations;
which is to meet at the Montezuma j
Schools during the Thanksgiving vaca-1
tion.
