# CALIFORNIA DEFEATS VARSITY SOCCER MEN IN SATURDAY'S GAME
## 
### 
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
Scoring on a long kick by Dowling,
the California soccer varsity defeated
the Cardinal team 1-0 in an even,
hard-fought contest on the varsity
field Saturday.
Stanford forwards showed a great
improvement over last Saturday's con
test, but were unable to shoot accu
rately after taking the ball down the
field. The halfbacks displayed power
on offense and defense, Moffit being
the individual star. Fell and Wright
were in every play, passing accurate
ly and backing up the forwards.
The great strength of the team was
in the defensive machine, Holmes and
Stollery, fullbacks, and Robinson,
goalkeeper. Holmes and Stollery
played an outstanding game, kicking
the ball out of danger every time
California threatened to score. Robin
son made several sensational stops
which kept the Bear score to one
tally.
