# '87 graduate subject of slanderous tirade Yuh shocked by columnist's remarks
## 
### Jennifer Paley 
Ji-Yeon Mary Yuh, a Stanford
graduate and general-assignment
reporter for New York Newsday,
was the subject of Newsday col
umnist Jimmy Breslin's recent
racist and sexist tirade that has
gained national attention.
In an interview yesterday, Yuh,
a former Stanford Daily staffer,
expressed her shock over Breslin's
remarks. "I've been exposed to
racist and sexist comments before,
but [they are] usually from people
on the street — people unimpor
tant, not from Pulitzer Prize
winning journalists."
Breslin's outburst was triggered
by an internal computer message
Yuh sent to Breslin criticizing his
column headlined "Officially, the
Spouse is out of the House." Yuh
said its sexist remarks concerning
"official women" workers were of
fensive and inappropriate.
Upon receiving Yuh's message,
Breslin referred to her as "a yel
low cur" and "slant-eyed" in the
newsroom last Friday. Yuh was

not in the newsroom at the time,
but when she heard about her
colleague's attack she was
"shocked."
A 1987 Stanford graduate in
cognitive science, Yuh said she ex
perienced both racism and sexism
as an undergraduate. Yuh high
lighted one example from her
freshman year: "I was in the
cafeteria, and some guy said, 'The
only reason you're here is to fill
the Asian quota.' "
Breslin's actions have sent
ripples through the Asian-
American community across the
country.
Three Asian-American organi
zations asked Newsday's manage
ment to fire Breslin because of
his "racist and sexist attitudes."
The Korean American Journalists
Association is mustering its forces
against Breslin because of his
denial of "the same First Amend
ment rights to a fellow journalist."
They demanded "the immediate
ouster" of Breslin.
More than 50 Newsday staffers
called on Newsday editor Anthony
Marro to take action. At a meeting
held Tuesday evening, three top
editors, two members of the Asian
American Journalist Association
and 11 Asian-American staffers,

including Yuh, decided to ex
onerate Breslin because of an
apology he issued.
But that same night Breslin
told disc jockey Howard Stern,
during a live radio show, that he
had issued "a carbon apology."
Breslin's comments prompted
Newsday to reverse its decision
that night and to give the colum
nist a two-week suspension.

"I'm satisfied with [Breslin's
suspension], but they should have
acted right away," Yuh said.
Not everyone is satisfied. Many
people have called Newsday this
week to cancel their subscriptions
because of Breslin's newsroom
outburst.

The Associated Press contributed
to this report.
Ji-Yeon Mary Yuh, a Stanford
graduate and general-assignment
reporter for New York Newsday,
was the subject of Newsday col
umnist Jimmy Breslin's recent
racist and sexist tirade that has
gained national attention.
In an interview yesterday, Yuh,
a former Stanford Daily staffer,
expressed her shock over Breslin's
remarks. "I've been exposed to
racist and sexist comments before,
but [they are] usually from people
on the street — people unimpor
tant, not from Pulitzer Prize
winning journalists."
Breslin's outburst was triggered
by an internal computer message
Yuh sent to Breslin criticizing his
column headlined "Officially, the
Spouse is out of the House." Yuh
said its sexist remarks concerning
"official women" workers were of
fensive and inappropriate.
Upon receiving Yuh's message,
Breslin referred to her as "a yel
low cur" and "slant-eyed" in the
newsroom last Friday. Yuh was

not in the newsroom at the time,
but when she heard about her
colleague's attack she was
"shocked."
A 1987 Stanford graduate in
cognitive science, Yuh said she ex
perienced both racism and sexism
as an undergraduate. Yuh high
lighted one example from her
freshman year: "I was in the
cafeteria, and some guy said, 'The
only reason you're here is to fill
the Asian quota.' "
Breslin's actions have sent
ripples through the Asian-
American community across the
country.
Three Asian-American organi
zations asked Newsday's manage
ment to fire Breslin because of
his "racist and sexist attitudes."
The Korean American Journalists
Association is mustering its forces
against Breslin because of his
denial of "the same First Amend
ment rights to a fellow journalist."
They demanded "the immediate
ouster" of Breslin.
More than 50 Newsday staffers
called on Newsday editor Anthony
Marro to take action. At a meeting
held Tuesday evening, three top
editors, two members of the Asian
American Journalist Association
and 11 Asian-American staffers,

including Yuh, decided to ex
onerate Breslin because of an
apology he issued.
But that same night Breslin
told disc jockey Howard Stern,
during a live radio show, that he
had issued "a carbon apology."
Breslin's comments prompted
Newsday to reverse its decision
that night and to give the colum
nist a two-week suspension.

"I'm satisfied with [Breslin's
suspension], but they should have
acted right away," Yuh said.
Not everyone is satisfied. Many
people have called Newsday this
week to cancel their subscriptions
because of Breslin's newsroom
outburst.

The Associated Press contributed
to this report.
Ji-Yeon Mary Yuh, a Stanford
graduate and general-assignment
reporter for New York Newsday,
was the subject of Newsday col
umnist Jimmy Breslin's recent
racist and sexist tirade that has
gained national attention.
In an interview yesterday, Yuh,
a former Stanford Daily staffer,
expressed her shock over Breslin's
remarks. "I've been exposed to
racist and sexist comments before,
but [they are] usually from people
on the street — people unimpor
tant, not from Pulitzer Prize
winning journalists."
Breslin's outburst was triggered
by an internal computer message
Yuh sent to Breslin criticizing his
column headlined "Officially, the
Spouse is out of the House." Yuh
said its sexist remarks concerning
"official women" workers were of
fensive and inappropriate.
Upon receiving Yuh's message,
Breslin referred to her as "a yel
low cur" and "slant-eyed" in the
newsroom last Friday. Yuh was

not in the newsroom at the time,
but when she heard about her
colleague's attack she was
"shocked."
A 1987 Stanford graduate in
cognitive science, Yuh said she ex
perienced both racism and sexism
as an undergraduate. Yuh high
lighted one example from her
freshman year: "I was in the
cafeteria, and some guy said, 'The
only reason you're here is to fill
the Asian quota.' "
Breslin's actions have sent
ripples through the Asian-
American community across the
country.
Three Asian-American organi
zations asked Newsday's manage
ment to fire Breslin because of
his "racist and sexist attitudes."
The Korean American Journalists
Association is mustering its forces
against Breslin because of his
denial of "the same First Amend
ment rights to a fellow journalist."
They demanded "the immediate
ouster" of Breslin.
More than 50 Newsday staffers
called on Newsday editor Anthony
Marro to take action. At a meeting
held Tuesday evening, three top
editors, two members of the Asian
American Journalist Association
and 11 Asian-American staffers,

including Yuh, decided to ex
onerate Breslin because of an
apology he issued.
But that same night Breslin
told disc jockey Howard Stern,
during a live radio show, that he
had issued "a carbon apology."
Breslin's comments prompted
Newsday to reverse its decision
that night and to give the colum
nist a two-week suspension.

"I'm satisfied with [Breslin's
suspension], but they should have
acted right away," Yuh said.
Not everyone is satisfied. Many
people have called Newsday this
week to cancel their subscriptions
because of Breslin's newsroom
outburst.

The Associated Press contributed
to this report.
Ji-Yeon Mary Yuh, a Stanford
graduate and general-assignment
reporter for New York Newsday,
was the subject of Newsday col
umnist Jimmy Breslin's recent
racist and sexist tirade that has
gained national attention.
In an interview yesterday, Yuh,
a former Stanford Daily staffer,
expressed her shock over Breslin's
remarks. "I've been exposed to
racist and sexist comments before,
but [they are] usually from people
on the street — people unimpor
tant, not from Pulitzer Prize
winning journalists."
Breslin's outburst was triggered
by an internal computer message
Yuh sent to Breslin criticizing his
column headlined "Officially, the
Spouse is out of the House." Yuh
said its sexist remarks concerning
"official women" workers were of
fensive and inappropriate.
Upon receiving Yuh's message,
Breslin referred to her as "a yel
low cur" and "slant-eyed" in the
newsroom last Friday. Yuh was

not in the newsroom at the time,
but when she heard about her
colleague's attack she was
"shocked."
A 1987 Stanford graduate in
cognitive science, Yuh said she ex
perienced both racism and sexism
as an undergraduate. Yuh high
lighted one example from her
freshman year: "I was in the
cafeteria, and some guy said, 'The
only reason you're here is to fill
the Asian quota.' "
Breslin's actions have sent
ripples through the Asian-
American community across the
country.
Three Asian-American organi
zations asked Newsday's manage
ment to fire Breslin because of
his "racist and sexist attitudes."
The Korean American Journalists
Association is mustering its forces
against Breslin because of his
denial of "the same First Amend
ment rights to a fellow journalist."
They demanded "the immediate
ouster" of Breslin.
More than 50 Newsday staffers
called on Newsday editor Anthony
Marro to take action. At a meeting
held Tuesday evening, three top
editors, two members of the Asian
American Journalist Association
and 11 Asian-American staffers,

including Yuh, decided to ex
onerate Breslin because of an
apology he issued.
But that same night Breslin
told disc jockey Howard Stern,
during a live radio show, that he
had issued "a carbon apology."
Breslin's comments prompted
Newsday to reverse its decision
that night and to give the colum
nist a two-week suspension.

"I'm satisfied with [Breslin's
suspension], but they should have
acted right away," Yuh said.
Not everyone is satisfied. Many
people have called Newsday this
week to cancel their subscriptions
because of Breslin's newsroom
outburst.

The Associated Press contributed
to this report.
Ji-Yeon Mary Yuh, a Stanford
graduate and general-assignment
reporter for New York Newsday,
was the subject of Newsday col
umnist Jimmy Breslin's recent
racist and sexist tirade that has
gained national attention.
In an interview yesterday, Yuh,
a former Stanford Daily staffer,
expressed her shock over Breslin's
remarks. "I've been exposed to
racist and sexist comments before,
but [they are] usually from people
on the street — people unimpor
tant, not from Pulitzer Prize
winning journalists."
Breslin's outburst was triggered
by an internal computer message
Yuh sent to Breslin criticizing his
column headlined "Officially, the
Spouse is out of the House." Yuh
said its sexist remarks concerning
"official women" workers were of
fensive and inappropriate.
Upon receiving Yuh's message,
Breslin referred to her as "a yel
low cur" and "slant-eyed" in the
newsroom last Friday. Yuh was

not in the newsroom at the time,
but when she heard about her
colleague's attack she was
"shocked."
A 1987 Stanford graduate in
cognitive science, Yuh said she ex
perienced both racism and sexism
as an undergraduate. Yuh high
lighted one example from her
freshman year: "I was in the
cafeteria, and some guy said, 'The
only reason you're here is to fill
the Asian quota.' "
Breslin's actions have sent
ripples through the Asian-
American community across the
country.
Three Asian-American organi
zations asked Newsday's manage
ment to fire Breslin because of
his "racist and sexist attitudes."
The Korean American Journalists
Association is mustering its forces
against Breslin because of his
denial of "the same First Amend
ment rights to a fellow journalist."
They demanded "the immediate
ouster" of Breslin.
More than 50 Newsday staffers
called on Newsday editor Anthony
Marro to take action. At a meeting
held Tuesday evening, three top
editors, two members of the Asian
American Journalist Association
and 11 Asian-American staffers,

including Yuh, decided to ex
onerate Breslin because of an
apology he issued.
But that same night Breslin
told disc jockey Howard Stern,
during a live radio show, that he
had issued "a carbon apology."
Breslin's comments prompted
Newsday to reverse its decision
that night and to give the colum
nist a two-week suspension.

"I'm satisfied with [Breslin's
suspension], but they should have
acted right away," Yuh said.
Not everyone is satisfied. Many
people have called Newsday this
week to cancel their subscriptions
because of Breslin's newsroom
outburst.

The Associated Press contributed
to this report.
Ji-Yeon Mary Yuh, a Stanford
graduate and general-assignment
reporter for New York Newsday,
was the subject of Newsday col
umnist Jimmy Breslin's recent
racist and sexist tirade that has
gained national attention.
In an interview yesterday, Yuh,
a former Stanford Daily staffer,
expressed her shock over Breslin's
remarks. "I've been exposed to
racist and sexist comments before,
but [they are] usually from people
on the street — people unimpor
tant, not from Pulitzer Prize
winning journalists."
Breslin's outburst was triggered
by an internal computer message
Yuh sent to Breslin criticizing his
column headlined "Officially, the
Spouse is out of the House." Yuh
said its sexist remarks concerning
"official women" workers were of
fensive and inappropriate.
Upon receiving Yuh's message,
Breslin referred to her as "a yel
low cur" and "slant-eyed" in the
newsroom last Friday. Yuh was

not in the newsroom at the time,
but when she heard about her
colleague's attack she was
"shocked."
A 1987 Stanford graduate in
cognitive science, Yuh said she ex
perienced both racism and sexism
as an undergraduate. Yuh high
lighted one example from her
freshman year: "I was in the
cafeteria, and some guy said, 'The
only reason you're here is to fill
the Asian quota.' "
Breslin's actions have sent
ripples through the Asian-
American community across the
country.
Three Asian-American organi
zations asked Newsday's manage
ment to fire Breslin because of
his "racist and sexist attitudes."
The Korean American Journalists
Association is mustering its forces
against Breslin because of his
denial of "the same First Amend
ment rights to a fellow journalist."
They demanded "the immediate
ouster" of Breslin.
More than 50 Newsday staffers
called on Newsday editor Anthony
Marro to take action. At a meeting
held Tuesday evening, three top
editors, two members of the Asian
American Journalist Association
and 11 Asian-American staffers,

including Yuh, decided to ex
onerate Breslin because of an
apology he issued.
But that same night Breslin
told disc jockey Howard Stern,
during a live radio show, that he
had issued "a carbon apology."
Breslin's comments prompted
Newsday to reverse its decision
that night and to give the colum
nist a two-week suspension.

"I'm satisfied with [Breslin's
suspension], but they should have
acted right away," Yuh said.
Not everyone is satisfied. Many
people have called Newsday this
week to cancel their subscriptions
because of Breslin's newsroom
outburst.

The Associated Press contributed
to this report.
Ji-Yeon Mary Yuh, a Stanford
graduate and general-assignment
reporter for New York Newsday,
was the subject of Newsday col
umnist Jimmy Breslin's recent
racist and sexist tirade that has
gained national attention.
In an interview yesterday, Yuh,
a former Stanford Daily staffer,
expressed her shock over Breslin's
remarks. "I've been exposed to
racist and sexist comments before,
but [they are] usually from people
on the street — people unimpor
tant, not from Pulitzer Prize
winning journalists."
Breslin's outburst was triggered
by an internal computer message
Yuh sent to Breslin criticizing his
column headlined "Officially, the
Spouse is out of the House." Yuh
said its sexist remarks concerning
"official women" workers were of
fensive and inappropriate.
Upon receiving Yuh's message,
Breslin referred to her as "a yel
low cur" and "slant-eyed" in the
newsroom last Friday. Yuh was

not in the newsroom at the time,
but when she heard about her
colleague's attack she was
"shocked."
A 1987 Stanford graduate in
cognitive science, Yuh said she ex
perienced both racism and sexism
as an undergraduate. Yuh high
lighted one example from her
freshman year: "I was in the
cafeteria, and some guy said, 'The
only reason you're here is to fill
the Asian quota.' "
Breslin's actions have sent
ripples through the Asian-
American community across the
country.
Three Asian-American organi
zations asked Newsday's manage
ment to fire Breslin because of
his "racist and sexist attitudes."
The Korean American Journalists
Association is mustering its forces
against Breslin because of his
denial of "the same First Amend
ment rights to a fellow journalist."
They demanded "the immediate
ouster" of Breslin.
More than 50 Newsday staffers
called on Newsday editor Anthony
Marro to take action. At a meeting
held Tuesday evening, three top
editors, two members of the Asian
American Journalist Association
and 11 Asian-American staffers,

including Yuh, decided to ex
onerate Breslin because of an
apology he issued.
But that same night Breslin
told disc jockey Howard Stern,
during a live radio show, that he
had issued "a carbon apology."
Breslin's comments prompted
Newsday to reverse its decision
that night and to give the colum
nist a two-week suspension.

"I'm satisfied with [Breslin's
suspension], but they should have
acted right away," Yuh said.
Not everyone is satisfied. Many
people have called Newsday this
week to cancel their subscriptions
because of Breslin's newsroom
outburst.

The Associated Press contributed
to this report.
