# Stanford Debaters To Appear on TV
## 
### 
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
"Should Crime Comic Books Be
Censored in California?" will be
discussed in a TV debate over
Channel 5 Sunday afternoon at
1:30 by members of the Speech
Association.
The program, third of a series
of televised debates, will be mod
erated by Professor Edward
Steele, speech department. Stu
dents Lester O'Shea and Don
Proudfoot will debate the prob
lem, O'Shea taking the affirma
tive.
