# Inside
## Kenney makes a splash 
### KOSTA KOLINTZAS 
Men's swimming Coach
Skip Kenney runs one of the
most successful programs in
the country — three con
secutive NCAA champion
ships, six straight Pacific 10
Conference titles and Olympic
medalists to boot. What's be
hind all this success?
According to Kenney, many
factors explain the team's
good fortune, but perhaps the
most important is team cohe
sion. "Stanford does attract
good athletes," Kenney said,
"but my philosophy is that
team chemistry develops win
ning."
This chemistry is created by
mixing athletes from New
York, Wisconsin and Texas —
from all over the United
States. The drawing power of
Stanford, according to Ken
ney, is academics. "We get
true student athletes. Within
the last eight years, 100 per
cent of our people have
graduated," he said.
But recruiting is not as
simple as it may appear. "We
recruit people, not time," Ken
ney said, indicating his pref
erence for people who are
caring and supportive of the
whole team over those who
are just the fastest swimmers.
Some excellent athletes have
not been recruited by Stanford

because they do not fit in well
with Kenney's team concept.
It is true that Stanford does
have some great individual
athletes, however that in it
self is not enough for success,
according to Kenney. An ath
lete needs more than just raw
talent; a disciplined work
ethic is equally as important
Notable examples of such a
combination are recent
graduates Pablo Morales and
Jeff Kostoff — two of the
greatest swimmers in Stan
ford history.
Kenney believes athletes of
this caliber emerge only once
every 20 years or so. Desire
plays a big part in their suc
cess, he said. "You can't force

them. They must want it for
themselves."
One way Kenney helps his
athletes is by guiding and
pushing them toward their po
tential. "The toughest part of
coaching," Kenney said, "is to
make people believe that they
can go beyond barriers they
thought they could never go
beyond."
Kenney doesn't believe that
today's student athletes are
any better or worse than those
of the past. He believes that
great athletes from the past,
given the advantages of
today's better training meth
ods, would be just as success
ful.
"The only difference now is
that our level of expectation is
different," Kenney noted.
Given all his success, it is
often wondered how Kenney
raises his expectations each
year, especially since he's ac
complished just about every
thing a coach could aspire to.
"You never get tired of win
ning," he said. Kenney ad
mits, though, that each year
he does have to evalute his
own goals to motivate himself.
As far as improving the
overall swimming program,
Kenney says there's not much
he needs, except that he would
like a full-time assistant.
Staying on top is harder than
getting there, he said.


Skip Kenney
Men's swimming Coach
Skip Kenney runs one of the
most successful programs in
the country — three con
secutive NCAA champion
ships, six straight Pacific 10
Conference titles and Olympic
medalists to boot. What's be
hind all this success?
According to Kenney, many
factors explain the team's
good fortune, but perhaps the
most important is team cohe
sion. "Stanford does attract
good athletes," Kenney said,
"but my philosophy is that
team chemistry develops win
ning."
This chemistry is created by
mixing athletes from New
York, Wisconsin and Texas —
from all over the United
States. The drawing power of
Stanford, according to Ken
ney, is academics. "We get
true student athletes. Within
the last eight years, 100 per
cent of our people have
graduated," he said.
But recruiting is not as
simple as it may appear. "We
recruit people, not time," Ken
ney said, indicating his pref
erence for people who are
caring and supportive of the
whole team over those who
are just the fastest swimmers.
Some excellent athletes have
not been recruited by Stanford

because they do not fit in well
with Kenney's team concept.
It is true that Stanford does
have some great individual
athletes, however that in it
self is not enough for success,
according to Kenney. An ath
lete needs more than just raw
talent; a disciplined work
ethic is equally as important
Notable examples of such a
combination are recent
graduates Pablo Morales and
Jeff Kostoff — two of the
greatest swimmers in Stan
ford history.
Kenney believes athletes of
this caliber emerge only once
every 20 years or so. Desire
plays a big part in their suc
cess, he said. "You can't force

them. They must want it for
themselves."
One way Kenney helps his
athletes is by guiding and
pushing them toward their po
tential. "The toughest part of
coaching," Kenney said, "is to
make people believe that they
can go beyond barriers they
thought they could never go
beyond."
Kenney doesn't believe that
today's student athletes are
any better or worse than those
of the past. He believes that
great athletes from the past,
given the advantages of
today's better training meth
ods, would be just as success
ful.
"The only difference now is
that our level of expectation is
different," Kenney noted.
Given all his success, it is
often wondered how Kenney
raises his expectations each
year, especially since he's ac
complished just about every
thing a coach could aspire to.
"You never get tired of win
ning," he said. Kenney ad
mits, though, that each year
he does have to evalute his
own goals to motivate himself.
As far as improving the
overall swimming program,
Kenney says there's not much
he needs, except that he would
like a full-time assistant.
Staying on top is harder than
getting there, he said.


Skip Kenney
Men's swimming Coach
Skip Kenney runs one of the
most successful programs in
the country — three con
secutive NCAA champion
ships, six straight Pacific 10
Conference titles and Olympic
medalists to boot. What's be
hind all this success?
According to Kenney, many
factors explain the team's
good fortune, but perhaps the
most important is team cohe
sion. "Stanford does attract
good athletes," Kenney said,
"but my philosophy is that
team chemistry develops win
ning."
This chemistry is created by
mixing athletes from New
York, Wisconsin and Texas —
from all over the United
States. The drawing power of
Stanford, according to Ken
ney, is academics. "We get
true student athletes. Within
the last eight years, 100 per
cent of our people have
graduated," he said.
But recruiting is not as
simple as it may appear. "We
recruit people, not time," Ken
ney said, indicating his pref
erence for people who are
caring and supportive of the
whole team over those who
are just the fastest swimmers.
Some excellent athletes have
not been recruited by Stanford

because they do not fit in well
with Kenney's team concept.
It is true that Stanford does
have some great individual
athletes, however that in it
self is not enough for success,
according to Kenney. An ath
lete needs more than just raw
talent; a disciplined work
ethic is equally as important
Notable examples of such a
combination are recent
graduates Pablo Morales and
Jeff Kostoff — two of the
greatest swimmers in Stan
ford history.
Kenney believes athletes of
this caliber emerge only once
every 20 years or so. Desire
plays a big part in their suc
cess, he said. "You can't force

them. They must want it for
themselves."
One way Kenney helps his
athletes is by guiding and
pushing them toward their po
tential. "The toughest part of
coaching," Kenney said, "is to
make people believe that they
can go beyond barriers they
thought they could never go
beyond."
Kenney doesn't believe that
today's student athletes are
any better or worse than those
of the past. He believes that
great athletes from the past,
given the advantages of
today's better training meth
ods, would be just as success
ful.
"The only difference now is
that our level of expectation is
different," Kenney noted.
Given all his success, it is
often wondered how Kenney
raises his expectations each
year, especially since he's ac
complished just about every
thing a coach could aspire to.
"You never get tired of win
ning," he said. Kenney ad
mits, though, that each year
he does have to evalute his
own goals to motivate himself.
As far as improving the
overall swimming program,
Kenney says there's not much
he needs, except that he would
like a full-time assistant.
Staying on top is harder than
getting there, he said.


Skip Kenney
Men's swimming Coach
Skip Kenney runs one of the
most successful programs in
the country — three con
secutive NCAA champion
ships, six straight Pacific 10
Conference titles and Olympic
medalists to boot. What's be
hind all this success?
According to Kenney, many
factors explain the team's
good fortune, but perhaps the
most important is team cohe
sion. "Stanford does attract
good athletes," Kenney said,
"but my philosophy is that
team chemistry develops win
ning."
This chemistry is created by
mixing athletes from New
York, Wisconsin and Texas —
from all over the United
States. The drawing power of
Stanford, according to Ken
ney, is academics. "We get
true student athletes. Within
the last eight years, 100 per
cent of our people have
graduated," he said.
But recruiting is not as
simple as it may appear. "We
recruit people, not time," Ken
ney said, indicating his pref
erence for people who are
caring and supportive of the
whole team over those who
are just the fastest swimmers.
Some excellent athletes have
not been recruited by Stanford

because they do not fit in well
with Kenney's team concept.
It is true that Stanford does
have some great individual
athletes, however that in it
self is not enough for success,
according to Kenney. An ath
lete needs more than just raw
talent; a disciplined work
ethic is equally as important
Notable examples of such a
combination are recent
graduates Pablo Morales and
Jeff Kostoff — two of the
greatest swimmers in Stan
ford history.
Kenney believes athletes of
this caliber emerge only once
every 20 years or so. Desire
plays a big part in their suc
cess, he said. "You can't force

them. They must want it for
themselves."
One way Kenney helps his
athletes is by guiding and
pushing them toward their po
tential. "The toughest part of
coaching," Kenney said, "is to
make people believe that they
can go beyond barriers they
thought they could never go
beyond."
Kenney doesn't believe that
today's student athletes are
any better or worse than those
of the past. He believes that
great athletes from the past,
given the advantages of
today's better training meth
ods, would be just as success
ful.
"The only difference now is
that our level of expectation is
different," Kenney noted.
Given all his success, it is
often wondered how Kenney
raises his expectations each
year, especially since he's ac
complished just about every
thing a coach could aspire to.
"You never get tired of win
ning," he said. Kenney ad
mits, though, that each year
he does have to evalute his
own goals to motivate himself.
As far as improving the
overall swimming program,
Kenney says there's not much
he needs, except that he would
like a full-time assistant.
Staying on top is harder than
getting there, he said.


Skip Kenney
Men's swimming Coach
Skip Kenney runs one of the
most successful programs in
the country — three con
secutive NCAA champion
ships, six straight Pacific 10
Conference titles and Olympic
medalists to boot. What's be
hind all this success?
According to Kenney, many
factors explain the team's
good fortune, but perhaps the
most important is team cohe
sion. "Stanford does attract
good athletes," Kenney said,
"but my philosophy is that
team chemistry develops win
ning."
This chemistry is created by
mixing athletes from New
York, Wisconsin and Texas —
from all over the United
States. The drawing power of
Stanford, according to Ken
ney, is academics. "We get
true student athletes. Within
the last eight years, 100 per
cent of our people have
graduated," he said.
But recruiting is not as
simple as it may appear. "We
recruit people, not time," Ken
ney said, indicating his pref
erence for people who are
caring and supportive of the
whole team over those who
are just the fastest swimmers.
Some excellent athletes have
not been recruited by Stanford

because they do not fit in well
with Kenney's team concept.
It is true that Stanford does
have some great individual
athletes, however that in it
self is not enough for success,
according to Kenney. An ath
lete needs more than just raw
talent; a disciplined work
ethic is equally as important
Notable examples of such a
combination are recent
graduates Pablo Morales and
Jeff Kostoff — two of the
greatest swimmers in Stan
ford history.
Kenney believes athletes of
this caliber emerge only once
every 20 years or so. Desire
plays a big part in their suc
cess, he said. "You can't force

them. They must want it for
themselves."
One way Kenney helps his
athletes is by guiding and
pushing them toward their po
tential. "The toughest part of
coaching," Kenney said, "is to
make people believe that they
can go beyond barriers they
thought they could never go
beyond."
Kenney doesn't believe that
today's student athletes are
any better or worse than those
of the past. He believes that
great athletes from the past,
given the advantages of
today's better training meth
ods, would be just as success
ful.
"The only difference now is
that our level of expectation is
different," Kenney noted.
Given all his success, it is
often wondered how Kenney
raises his expectations each
year, especially since he's ac
complished just about every
thing a coach could aspire to.
"You never get tired of win
ning," he said. Kenney ad
mits, though, that each year
he does have to evalute his
own goals to motivate himself.
As far as improving the
overall swimming program,
Kenney says there's not much
he needs, except that he would
like a full-time assistant.
Staying on top is harder than
getting there, he said.


Skip Kenney
Men's swimming Coach
Skip Kenney runs one of the
most successful programs in
the country — three con
secutive NCAA champion
ships, six straight Pacific 10
Conference titles and Olympic
medalists to boot. What's be
hind all this success?
According to Kenney, many
factors explain the team's
good fortune, but perhaps the
most important is team cohe
sion. "Stanford does attract
good athletes," Kenney said,
"but my philosophy is that
team chemistry develops win
ning."
This chemistry is created by
mixing athletes from New
York, Wisconsin and Texas —
from all over the United
States. The drawing power of
Stanford, according to Ken
ney, is academics. "We get
true student athletes. Within
the last eight years, 100 per
cent of our people have
graduated," he said.
But recruiting is not as
simple as it may appear. "We
recruit people, not time," Ken
ney said, indicating his pref
erence for people who are
caring and supportive of the
whole team over those who
are just the fastest swimmers.
Some excellent athletes have
not been recruited by Stanford

because they do not fit in well
with Kenney's team concept.
It is true that Stanford does
have some great individual
athletes, however that in it
self is not enough for success,
according to Kenney. An ath
lete needs more than just raw
talent; a disciplined work
ethic is equally as important
Notable examples of such a
combination are recent
graduates Pablo Morales and
Jeff Kostoff — two of the
greatest swimmers in Stan
ford history.
Kenney believes athletes of
this caliber emerge only once
every 20 years or so. Desire
plays a big part in their suc
cess, he said. "You can't force

them. They must want it for
themselves."
One way Kenney helps his
athletes is by guiding and
pushing them toward their po
tential. "The toughest part of
coaching," Kenney said, "is to
make people believe that they
can go beyond barriers they
thought they could never go
beyond."
Kenney doesn't believe that
today's student athletes are
any better or worse than those
of the past. He believes that
great athletes from the past,
given the advantages of
today's better training meth
ods, would be just as success
ful.
"The only difference now is
that our level of expectation is
different," Kenney noted.
Given all his success, it is
often wondered how Kenney
raises his expectations each
year, especially since he's ac
complished just about every
thing a coach could aspire to.
"You never get tired of win
ning," he said. Kenney ad
mits, though, that each year
he does have to evalute his
own goals to motivate himself.
As far as improving the
overall swimming program,
Kenney says there's not much
he needs, except that he would
like a full-time assistant.
Staying on top is harder than
getting there, he said.


Skip Kenney
Men's swimming Coach
Skip Kenney runs one of the
most successful programs in
the country — three con
secutive NCAA champion
ships, six straight Pacific 10
Conference titles and Olympic
medalists to boot. What's be
hind all this success?
According to Kenney, many
factors explain the team's
good fortune, but perhaps the
most important is team cohe
sion. "Stanford does attract
good athletes," Kenney said,
"but my philosophy is that
team chemistry develops win
ning."
This chemistry is created by
mixing athletes from New
York, Wisconsin and Texas —
from all over the United
States. The drawing power of
Stanford, according to Ken
ney, is academics. "We get
true student athletes. Within
the last eight years, 100 per
cent of our people have
graduated," he said.
But recruiting is not as
simple as it may appear. "We
recruit people, not time," Ken
ney said, indicating his pref
erence for people who are
caring and supportive of the
whole team over those who
are just the fastest swimmers.
Some excellent athletes have
not been recruited by Stanford

because they do not fit in well
with Kenney's team concept.
It is true that Stanford does
have some great individual
athletes, however that in it
self is not enough for success,
according to Kenney. An ath
lete needs more than just raw
talent; a disciplined work
ethic is equally as important
Notable examples of such a
combination are recent
graduates Pablo Morales and
Jeff Kostoff — two of the
greatest swimmers in Stan
ford history.
Kenney believes athletes of
this caliber emerge only once
every 20 years or so. Desire
plays a big part in their suc
cess, he said. "You can't force

them. They must want it for
themselves."
One way Kenney helps his
athletes is by guiding and
pushing them toward their po
tential. "The toughest part of
coaching," Kenney said, "is to
make people believe that they
can go beyond barriers they
thought they could never go
beyond."
Kenney doesn't believe that
today's student athletes are
any better or worse than those
of the past. He believes that
great athletes from the past,
given the advantages of
today's better training meth
ods, would be just as success
ful.
"The only difference now is
that our level of expectation is
different," Kenney noted.
Given all his success, it is
often wondered how Kenney
raises his expectations each
year, especially since he's ac
complished just about every
thing a coach could aspire to.
"You never get tired of win
ning," he said. Kenney ad
mits, though, that each year
he does have to evalute his
own goals to motivate himself.
As far as improving the
overall swimming program,
Kenney says there's not much
he needs, except that he would
like a full-time assistant.
Staying on top is harder than
getting there, he said.


Skip Kenney
