# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
SMC
YODR NYLONS?
Cigarette burn in yuur
favorite skirt?
Bring Them
to
"IRENE"
The French hosiery mt-nJer
at
Sprouse Reitz Co.
375 University Palo Alto
DA 2-6811
