# Untitled Article
## 
### 
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
This is the last issue of The
l>ail\ for the fall quarter. Publi
cation will he resumed Jan. 11.
