# Grades Available For Non-Returners
## 
### 
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
Students who flo nol pi hn to re
turn for winter quarter may i*et
their crades by leaving self - ad
dressed stamped envelopes at the
information desk at the Pegistrar's
Oflice, Poom 111 -A. before the enrl
of autumn quarter.
No grades will he available for
those students who do plan to re
turn winter quarter until registra
tion day. Grade sheets will he in
the registration books.
