# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
The Biz School Club Symposium,
reported in yesterday's Daily as be
ing held tonight, was held Wednes
day night.
