# PRELEGAL ARGUMENTATION
## 
### 
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
Fn answer to inquiries, Prelegal
Argumentation. Sp 122, will be
given in spring quarter, not winter
quarter, this year.
