# JACOBY ESSAY COMPETITION
## 
### 
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
'I he Iflsl Melville Jacohy Essay
Prize Competition on the subject
"The Problem of the Japan Peace
Treaty" is now open to all Stanford
students. A $50 prize will be
awarded to the best essay between
5.000 nnrl 10,000 words. Entries
should he submitted to Professor
Clifford P. Wtigk of the Institute
for Journalistic Studies.
