# INTERVIEW WEEKEND
## 
### 
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
Students with a talent to contrib
ute to the International Variety
Show, January 12, may try out to
night from 7:15 to 8:15 in Cubber
loy Auditorium.
