# Branner Sends Gifts Abroad
## 
### 
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
Foreign relief is the Christmas j
project at Branncr for the seeond j
year in a row. Christmas cards are ]
being sent to the Free University at i
Berlin, Germany, and gift boxes are j
being sent to Germany for distribu- |
tion to orphan children.
The Christmas cards will be per- j
sonally sent, each girl at Branner j
choosing one herself. They will be
mailed to heads of departments or j
to living; groups at the University J
of Berlin. Addresses were obtained j
by Mrs. H. Epstein at the Hoover 1
Library.
Mrs. Stuart Hannon, who has re- :
ccntly come from Germany, will |
determine the distribution of thy j
Sift boxes.
Serena Jutkovitz, chairman of the '
drive, announced that the Christ- I
mas cards will be mailed this week. |
