# HOLIDAY RATES GIVEN BY SOUTHERN PACIFIC
## 
### 
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
Students' reduced holiday travel
rates were announced today by the
Southern Pacific, the Los Angeles
Steamship Company, and the Pacific:
Steamship Company.
The reduced fares will be effective
over the Christmas holidays, with re
turn limit January 11, 1927, and will
bo from the bay district, Berkeley, and
Palo Alto to Los Angeles, San Diego,
and other southern California points.
The reduced fare tickets will be on
sale December 8 to 22 inclusive.
