# Sing Tra-La-La!
## 
### 

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.

Last night members of varioun living groups gave voice to melodic tones in the
annual vernal rite, Spring Sing. An atmosphere of tense competition pervaded
the evening's festlvitl«»s as the sundry songbirds battled for a variety of prizes.
