# Gordon to Discuss SNCC Movement
## 
### 
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
Bruce Gordon, SNCC field secre
tary, and a student from New
York, will speak Friday afternoon
at the first of two meetings on
student involvement in the civil
rights movement. The discussion,
sponsored by the Stanford Stu
dent Congress, will be held in
Room 282, Tresidder, at 4:15 p.m.
Gordon spent the yast year
working with the civil rights
movement in Georgia, and w a s
jailed last summer as a result of
this.
