# Untitled Article
## 
### 

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.

MARGARET KEARNE, San Francisco artist famous for her portraits
exaggerating the eyes, will speak on "Women and Art" in the AWS
"Women's Week" program.
