# Letters
## 
### 
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
FRATERNITIES
Editor, The Daily:
In Monday's issue of the Daily
Don Haider, IFC president, while
discussing the suspension of Zeta
Psi, made several statements con
cerning fraternities in general.
For instance he suggested that
"Fraternities are judged by th e
lowest common denominator,
which seems to be the Zetes." Un
fortunately Don continues to ap
ply a rather low denominator to
all the other fraternities. For ex
ample in one sweep he asserts
that during the last decade Stan
ford in terms of intellectual
growth has left, the fraternities
in the dust.
Contrary to the tone of his ar
gument there are fraternities at
Stanford who have not been left
behind. Although he briefly ack
nowledges this fact, the main
stream of his argument over
shadows any effect of this admis
sion.
In short he argues, "From my
own experience, the answer to
the dilemma is that fraternities
are incapable of change without
the external aid of the faculty
and the administration." The
point we wish to make is that
from our experience there are fra
ternities who are meeting the
challenge. Their number is cer
tainly larger than Don implies in
his article.
The problem of those fraterni
ties which might be lagging is
another question. Our concern is
with the misconceptions fostered
by Mr. Haider's article. Our do
sire is that this "lowest denomi
nator" not be loosely thrown
about.
CRAIG NELSON,
President,
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
DAVE HISEY,
President,
Tlieta Delta Chi
PACE
Editor, The Daily:
It would appear that Mr. Klein
has done a favor for the faculty
and student members of the Stan
ford community by providing us
with a nearly comprehensive list
of unjust, administrative acts
during the last three years.
Unfortunately, he has allowed
himself to toy with the logical
fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc.
His denunciation of PACE as the
apple in the administration's
Garden of Eden appears to be
based solely on nightmares en
couraged by his apparent perse
cution complex. This is all the
more deplorable now that PACE
is showing positive signs of frui
tion all over campus in the new
classrooms and in the faculty at
the head of these classrooms.
But while Mr. Klein has been
able to offer no proof of connec
tion between the administration's
stand on controversial issues and
the supposed interests of PACE,
it is interesting to note that ma
jor, announced PACE gifts have
come from such diverse interests
as the Eichler and Kennedy fami
ies, the Janss brothers, and Mr.
Storke. Even Mr. Klein would
not wish to label all of these as
octogenarian conservatives.
MICHAEL L. OWEN
STUDENT FUNDS
Editor, The Daily:
It was brought up at a legisla
ture meeting that a percentage of
the monies collected from the
various drives during the year is
taken from the collected funds
and sent to other charities, by
Cardinals Board.
This has never been publicized
before, and Speaker Efron sug
gested that the only way to let
the students know about this was
to write a letter to the editor. He
asked me to write it. Here it is.
BARRY FLACHSBART,
Legislature Representative
