# Vatican Decisions To Be Discussed
## 
### 
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
Father Daniel J. O'Hanlon, S.J.,
Father Alexander Schemman, and
Dr. Robert McAfee Brown will
speak on Ihe recent Vatican Coun
cil at a special Ecumenical Ban
quet this Saturday night.
O'Hanlon, a Roman Catholic
theologian from Alma College;
Schemman, a Russian Orthodox
priest from St. Vladimir's Rus
sian Orthodox Seminary in New
York; and Brown, Professor of
Religious Studies at Stanford, all
authorities in the Ecumenical
Movement, will present their ob
servations of the Vatican confer
ence.
The banquet will be held in the
Faculty Dining Room of the Old
Union at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are on
sale for $1.50 in the Memorial
Church Vestry. Tickets will not
be sold at the door.
