# Michigan Scores 4 To 1 Over Northwestern Team
## 
### 
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
CHICAGO, April 18 (IP).—Michigan
has made a good start in its fight to re
tain the Big Ten baseball championship.
The Wolverines, with one of the best
hitting clubs of the race and a staff of
able pitchers, opened its campaign by de
feating Northwestern, 4 to 1, at Ann
Arbor yesterday. The defeat was the sec
ond within a week for the Wildcats.
Illinois displayed its power by trounc
ing Butler College, 21 to 4, in a non
conference game, while Chicago was de
feated, 1 to 0, by Lake Forest, another
non-conference foe.
