# POST-WAR CONDITIONS
## Dr. E.A. Cottrell Predicts War Changes at Stanford 
### 
The past year has brought drastic
changes in the Stanford curricula,
as well as most other aspects of
Stanford life. After the chaos ol
shifting, co-ordinating, reorganiz
ing, and improvising for the pro
grams of approximately three thou
sand soldiers, the gradually clear
ing curricula for these men prom
ise to make them more instrumental
in the prosecution of global war
fare.
What does this mean to post-war
Stanford?
Edwin A. Cottrcll, professor of
political science and head of the
European area and language school,
believes tha the combining of vari
ous aspects of a foreign culture to
gether with intensified conversation
is a method which will remain per
manently at Stanford.
More Students
Mr. Cottrell also expects the post
war university to have a greater
number of students. Many men who
have learned something of the pro
fessions through their Army train
ing will be eager to take advantage
of the "almost sure governmental
grants for their education after the
war."
Doctors, engineers and others who
have been called from their school
ing will wish to finish their train
ing, and there will probably be a
heavy program for soldiers for four
or five years after the end of the
war.
Balkan to German
During the present transformation
period, professors adjusted and re
adjusted. Courses planned for a
Balkan group were put aside to form
a program for a German group
which, when the soldiers finally ar
rived, had twice as many men as
were expected.
John W. Dodds, Dean of the
School of Humanities, sees the new
regional method of co-ordinated
study of the language, history, eco
nomic, and other aspects of a coun
try as having proved "tremendously
successful."
Far Eastern School
He sees post-war possibilities for
the present Far Eastern program in
which Stanford, because of its "es
pecially strategic geographical lo

cation on the Pacific Coast, is in a
position to take the lead. Industrial
firms at present are training men in
Oriental languages and background
for post-war work, according to Mr.
Dodds.
Reports have already come in
concerning the success of this pro
gram, and the Army regional stu
dents now at Stanford are taking
part in a plan which indicates the
field of future emphasis of Stanford
University.


DR. EDWIN A. COTTRELL
