# LATIN AS UNIVERSAL TONGUE IS TOPIC OF GUERARD IN LECTURE
## 
### 
"The greatest requirement of an in
ternational language is neutrality," Pro
fessor Guerard emphasized Wednesday
night at a meeting of Chi Nu Kappa in
the basement of the Women's Clubhouse,
where he lectured on "Latin as an Inter
national Language." He also stated that
for the success of a universal language
it must be taught and used constantly.
That there is a great need for an in
ternational language is generally recog
nized, Professor Guerard said, because
every difference in conveying a meaning
is just so much retarding of progress. I
Latin lias long been used and is not a
"dead" language even now; it lias the j
advantage of being spelled phonetically j
and having many words similar to those j
in many of the languages most used to- i
day, Guerard explained.
