# Mary H. Stearns Returns June 1 From Oregon Visit
## 
### 
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
Mrs. Mary H. Stearns, Roble house
mother, is to return to the campus
June 1, from a temporary leave of ab
sence, according to a recent report
received from her.
Mrs. Stearns has been spending the
past month with her brother in Ore
gon recuperating from an operation
which she underwent at the beginning
of the quarter. Her place, as house
mother, has been taken by Mrs. H. L.
Goodale, graduate nurse and resident
of Palo Alto.
