# U.S. Not To Serve On Bank Of International Settlements
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
WASHINGTON, May 16.
retary Stimson announced today that
no officer of the Federal Reserve
Board or any other American officials
would be permitted to serve on the
proposed Bank of International Settle
ments suggested by the reparations
commission experts in Paris.
