# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
INDIANS
Tired of conformity,
men? Here’s your
chance to express true
individuality in your
choice of a new straw
fun hat from the ex
tensive and rather
zany collection at R/A.
Many styles and
colors sand, cocoa
nut, tan, brown and
grey just the crown
ing touch for the
beach or the ball
game. So what arc
you waiting for?
Hurry on in and try on
a few. Very good for
laughs as well as
sunny days.
roos/atkins
