# Berkeley Notes.
## 
### 
— 1 hi* fall tennis trv-out was
played in Oakland on Saturday.
Mein and Stone are left in the
finals.
—In tlie liveliest game of the
season the Freshmen defeated the
Olympic Lightweights hv a score of
5 to ().
— 1 hi* fall tennis trv-out was
played in Oakland on Saturday.
Mein and Stone are left in the
finals.
—In tlie liveliest game of the
season the Freshmen defeated the
Olympic Lightweights hv a score of
5 to ().
— 1 hi* fall tennis trv-out was
played in Oakland on Saturday.
Mein and Stone are left in the
finals.
—In tlie liveliest game of the
season the Freshmen defeated the
Olympic Lightweights hv a score of
5 to ().
— 1 hi* fall tennis trv-out was
played in Oakland on Saturday.
Mein and Stone are left in the
finals.
—In tlie liveliest game of the
season the Freshmen defeated the
Olympic Lightweights hv a score of
5 to ().
— 1 hi* fall tennis trv-out was
played in Oakland on Saturday.
Mein and Stone are left in the
finals.
—In tlie liveliest game of the
season the Freshmen defeated the
Olympic Lightweights hv a score of
5 to ().
— 1 hi* fall tennis trv-out was
played in Oakland on Saturday.
Mein and Stone are left in the
finals.
—In tlie liveliest game of the
season the Freshmen defeated the
Olympic Lightweights hv a score of
5 to ().
