# SENIORS TO MAKE PLANS FOR MARCH 9 AT MEETING TONIGHT
## 
### 
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
The program for the Founders Day
exercises, in which the senior class
will participate in a body will be ex
plained at the class meeting and dance
to be held tonight from 7 to 8 o'clock
in the Women'* Clubhouse. The plans
for the day include the usual trans
ference of the flower privilege to the
junior class in the afternoon, and a
senior six-to-eight in the Women's
Clubhouse.
Immediately following the six-to
eight the seniors will march in a body
to the section reserved for them at
the Founders' Day exercises in the
Memorial Church. Seniors will receive
their tickets tonight.
The committee members chosen for
senior week will be announced and all
committee chairmen are requested to
attend as there will be a meeting im
mediately following the class gather
ing, which will last only twenty min
utes. Women of the class are invited
to bring their friends to the dance.
