# Our Man Hoppe
## In Quest Of The Poll 
### Art Hopper 
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
(Editor's Note: For the dura
tion of the strike, The DAILY
will run the incomparable Art
Hoppe!)
All right, kiddies, climb up on
Daddy's knee and . . . No, you
may not have a sip of Daddy'
martini. Now stop that yowling
and Daddy will tell you just one
more bedtime story about Sir
Ronald of Holyrood.
Let's see, what about the time
Sir Ronald met The Poll?
★ ★ ★
Well, as you remember, Sir
Ronald and his faithful squire,
Sancho Nofziger, had plunged
deep into The Tangled Thicket
in quest of The Dread Unruh.
And Sir Ronald had fallen un
der a strange magic spell, sud
denly charging off in all direc
tions shouting:
'I am not running for Presi
dent! I am not running for
President! I am . .
It was on one of these mad
forays that the two boon com
panions entered a clearing to
confront, seated on a wall, a
slender figure with a flowing
beard and a conical cap covered
with cabalistic symbols.
"Holla!" cried Sir Ronald,
placing his hand on the hilt of
his famed Swinging Sword.
"What strange manner of crea
ture is this?"
"That, Sire, is a Poll," said
Sancho nervously. "They are be
lieved endowed with occult

powers enabling them to divine
the future. And thus they in
fluence man's destinies."
"Ah, a Poll," said Sir Ronald,
flashing his famed Flashing
Smile. "Fear not, Sancho, The
Polls are my most trusted
friends. Ever since I plunged
into The Tangled Thicket to per
form incredible deeds of knight
ly valor, I have soared ever up
ward in their estimation."
"Take care, Sire," warned
Sancho with a frown. "They are
known to be fickle creatures."
"What, varlet!" said Sir Ron
ald irritably. "Do you question
the fidelity of these faithful
Polls who have succored and en
couraged me day after day in
my holy quest for . . . for . .
And here the familiar mad
gleam appeared in the noble
knight's eyes and he began
shouting, "I am not running for
President! I am not running for
President! I am not . .
"Oh, please, Sire," cried San
cho, wringing his hands. "Let
us ignore this accursed Poll. I
like not its baleful mien."
But Sir Ronald with a confi
dent air turned to The Poll and
chanted:
"Poll, Poll, seated on the wall,
"Who is the most popular of
them all?"
At this, the sky darkened,
thunder pealed and lightning
flashed. The Poll, in sepulchral
tones, replied:

"First The Nbion, then The
Rock,
"Romney, Percy, all the flock.
And for you, they've taken
stock,
"And as a knight, they think
you're schlock."
All the little Polls in the forest
took up the cry. Sancho ran to
the side of his master, who lay
stunned on the ground, and pat
ted his cheeks. Sir Ronald
opened an eye and said, "Ah,
what a glorious victory!"
"Victory, Sire?" said Sancho
with surprise.
"Why, certainly, Sancho," said
Sir Ronald, springing to his feet.
"The Polls have confirmed my
fondest hope: obviously my
campaign has been a tremend
ous success and I have con
vinced the people I am not run
ning for President."
★ ★ ★
So saying, Sir Ronald drew
his Swinging Sword, shouted his
battle cry, "For Decency, for
Purity and for Just Plain Good
ness." and returned to his old
work of chopping, lopping,
whacking and hacking his way
through The Tangled Thicket.
"It is good to see the master
restored to his senses," said
Sancho, scratching his head
thoughtfully as he prepared to
join Sir Ronald in the hot and
sweaty task. "But frankly, I
think I liked not running for
President better."
