# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
Members of the following
fraternities will be photo
graphed in the Press building:
Today
Delta Upsilon, Kappa Alpha,
and Kappa Sigma.
Monday
Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma
Dcltft» Phi Kappa Psi. and Phi
Kappa Sigma.
