# FLYER ABANDONS HOP
## 
### 
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
CROYDON, Eng., Oct. 24 </F>.—Sir
Charles Kingsford - Smith, British
flyer who abandoned his England
to-Australia flight because of bad
weather, returned to the airport here
tonight, arriving from Marseille. He
said the plane had been damaged by
formation oi ice on the wings.
