# PI PHI'S WIN
## 
### 
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
A victory for Pi Beta Phi, a tie
between Schmidt and Behr, and de
faults to Bolcar and Harwood have
completed the second week of the
Women's Athletic Association round
robin basketball tournament. The
next games will he played on Octo
ber 2!l and 30.
