# Good Luck!
## 
### 

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,

Coach Tiny Thornhill is well on
his way to Seattle with a squad of
34 fighting Stanford Indians who
will endeavor to stop one of the
biggest football threats Washing
ton has had in several years. Tiny
is confident his team has the abil
ity to win from the Huskies,
