# Brush Fire Destroys Houses
## 
### 

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)

A destructive brush and forest fire, sweeping down the slopes of IWt. Wilson, near Pasadena, California,
destroyed more than 30 residences in the Altadena district. The picture shows a dwelling being consumed by
the flames. (Associated Press Photo.)
