# Start Against Washington
## 
### 



On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.




On the shoulders of these four men rests a great deal of the responsi
bility in tomorrow's gridiron hattle with the Washington Huskies.
Bobby Grayson (upper right) and Bill Paulman (lower left) are the only
two men left from the original baekfield that started the 1935 season.
Jimmy CofTis (upper left) has replaeed Bones Hamilton, whose injured
leg is still bothering him, and Joe Vigna (lower right) has supplanted
Frank Alustiza, who is still in the hospital recovering from an eye injury.

