# READING TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
Tryouts will be held from 4 to 6
o'clock today in the Little Theater
for the reading of a Roman comedy
sponsored by the course in History
of Western Civilization.

Recent maneuvers of the United
States fleet in the Pacific proved
that planes flying at an altitude of
1000 feet can easily locate sub
merged submarines.
