# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.

PRESIDES—PauI-Henri Spaak,
Belgian Foreign Minister, elected
president of the General Assem
bly of United Nations, in London.
U. S. delegates voted for Trygve
Lie, Norwegian Foreign Minister,
sponsored by Russia.
