# MARIPOSA VS. LATHROP
## 
### 
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
Mariposa plays Lathrop House to
night at 7:30 in the women's gym
for their intramural basketball
game.
• !
