# Croup to Discuss Chinese Affairs
## 
### 
C hincne Affairs Discussion Group
will hold its first meeting in the
Nitory tomorrow at 4:15 p.m., ac
cording to Murray N. Wortzcl, act
ing chairman.
Students and faculty members in
terested in investigating and dis
cussing China's role in the past, and
her present and future status are
invited to attend.
The group was planned to offer in
formation on Chinese affairs to stu
dents wlio have already indicated in
terest by signing a preliminary mem
bership list, and to all others who j
are interested in participating.
"Many faculty members have 1
backgrounds of exceptional value to
students of Chinese affairs, and it is
hoped that they will share their '
views and interests with the group,"
Wortzel said.
