# CHAPPIE NEEDS SALESMEN
## 
### 
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
Chaparral needs freshman girls to
sell magazines on Feb. 1.1, according
to Boris Wolper, Chappie business
manager. The girls are requested to
sign up at the Chappie office this
afternoon between three and five.
