# Violation of Traffic Rules Merits Suspension at U.S.C.
## 
### 
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
Suspension from the university is
the irrevocable sentence, authorized
by President von KleinSmid of U.S.C.,
which will be passed upon anyone re
ceiving two traffic tickets from the
Trojan Knigths.
Power of enforcing traffic regula
tions relative to parking and reckless
driving lias been given to the Trojan
Knights, to relieve the university
police. A closer observance of rules
on the campus is expected by the
alumnus tradition to follow this new
ruling.
