# Oxford Magazine Advocates Greater Wine Consumption
## 
### 
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
"""""More and bettev wine should bo
drunk," stated the "Isis," undergradu
ate magazine at Oxford University, in
a campaign advocating the consump
tion of wine by college students. Stu
dents in England feel that it is be
neath their dignity to consume quanti
ties of beer. As a remedy, the "Isis"
recently declared that the more fash
ionable drink was the most suitable
for undergraduates.
