# WESTERN CONFERENCE COACHES ALTERNATE TEAMS ON OFFENSE
## 
### 
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
Middle-western university basketball
teams are using the tallest man on the
floor to do the center jumping, whether
'he happens to be playing center or not.
Elbon W. Holden, editor of the Big Ten
Weekly, estimates that there are about
25 baskets and 20 free throws in the
average cage contest.
Several coaches alternate their stand
ing guards with the pivot men on offense
and then switch back again when the
opponents threaten.
