# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
University of Minnesota has the
largest faculty, 1250 persons, of any
American college.
