# UNIVERSITY STUDENTS OF WESTERN STATES ARE BEHIND-HOLADAY
## 
### 
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
Westerners are far behind Eastern
university students in sophistication
and maturity of thought, was the
opinion expressed by Joe Holaday,
McGill University undergraduate, on
his return from the National Student
Conference held in Milwaukee during
the Christmas vacation.
"It is apparent from all that I could
gather," he said in an interview pub
lished in the McGill Daily, "that the
Easterners have arrived at that ma- j
turity of thought that is so often
thought to be lacking in American
student life.
"Most of the leaders of the confer
ence were from the Fart East, with
only a few from the Middlewest. On I
the other hand, a certain direct sim
plicity and robustness of thought was
apparent in those few Westerners who
took part in discussion and conversa
tion. This was illustrated in the case
of the delegates from California who
started the meeting with three rous
ing cheers for their own state. After
ward, at dinner, they entertained the
conference with Californian songs,
while coon-skinned eastern collegians
looked disdainfully and boredly on."
