# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
Dances at the University of Arizona
will be financed by the student body.
