# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
Seniors will meet at 8 o'clock
sharp tonight in the court of the
Union and will go to the Foun
ders' Day program in a body.
Senior vice-president, secretary,
and treasurer of both terms, per
manent class officers, and class
executive committee will have
their Quad picture taken at 12:45
o'clock today in the court of the
Union. Men are requested to wear
coats and neckties.
