# FROSH SPONSORS MEET
## 
### 
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
All freshman sponsors and RA's in
Encina and Tovon Halls are request
ed to meet in Mrs. Sumner's apart
ment in Encina tomorrow night at
7:30.
