# Adv. 34 Page 13
## 
### 
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
Attention
Animal
Lovers. . .
What's got 13 heads
(some larger than
others), never
sleeps, has seven
terminal arms and,
occasionally short
hands, writes heads
and lays pages,
makes udlines,
deadlines, outlines
and pics, eats pizza
at night and,
sometimes, even its
own words? Come
work for your
campus newspaper
and see for yourself
(and meet the
schlep who wiites
these house ads).
You'll find out why
more people are
saying. "I work for
the Daily." Drop by
any
afternoon or
evening fora free
demonstration and
complimentary
tour or phone toll
free from anywhere
on campus
497-4632 and
arrange to meet the
beast in person.
(And, no, this does
not refer to Joan; we
love our editor.)
