# LEE CHAPIN GIVES CLUB ACCOUNT OF CHINESE ESCAPADES
## 
### 
Lee Chapin, former English pro
fessor at Ling-Nan College in
Southern China and at present as
sistant in the Stanford public
speaking department, gave a series
of humorous oriental reminiscences
as the main feature of the Cosmo
politan Club dinner Sunday night.
Chapin read from the Confucian
classics in the Cantonese dialect.
These were repeated by P. S. Sen,
a visiting Tsing-Hua Chinese stu
dent, in Mandarin dialect. Chapin
then translated the lines into Eng
lish.
Chapin told of the shock which
ran through the Ling-Nan student
body when it was discovered that
he, a visiting American professor,
had pulled a ricksha through the
Bund of Canton with the ricksha
coolie seated in the vehicle. He
also described the commingled emo
tions of a Shu-hing monk when
shown a Parisian revue magazine.
