# DEBATE MEET POSTPONED
## 
### 
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
The meeting of the varsity debate
squad, scheduled for tomorrow night,
has been indefinitely postponed, ac
cording to Professor J. (j. Emerson,
debate director.
