# REPUBLIC TO TAKE PLACE OF SPANISH ROYALTY-ESPINOSA
## 
### 
That the republic is coming in
Spain, and that the revolution will
he a peaceful one, is the opinion
received by Professor Aurelio M.
Espinosa, <it' the Romanic Language
department, from Jiis son who is
now in the I'niversity of Madrid.
Aurelio Espinosa Jr., instructor in
the department last year, is work
ing for his Ph.D. in the Philosophy
department of the Spanish univer
sity, as a fellow of the Del Amo
Foundation. His letters to his
lather throw an interesting light
on the recent student riots.
"Aurelio is certain that the re
bellious students were not attempt
ing propaganda for the overthrow
of the government," said Protestor
Espinosa in an interview yester
day. "They were not displaying
strong feeling for a republic hut
simply objecting -to Premier Ri
vera's dismissal of individual pro
fessors. Professors Unamuno and
Ortega Gasset are the best-known
of the several dismissed by the
government about two years ago.
Keeling has been smouldering ever
since; the greatest outbreak was
that reported in the American
papers about six weeks ago.
"After that riot, the government
replied by saying that the profes
sors had left of their own accord.
I'namuno said that if lie had left
of his own accord lie would return
also. Gasset would not go back if
lie could. So the students ary find
ing themselves without any fur
ther motive for rioting. The rebl
-1 ion is dying out. In fact," con
cluded Professor Espinosa, "Aurelio
suspects that the last riot was
staged just for the two or three
days' vacation that is always grant
ed; it is the undergraduates, of
course, who have been rioting."
