# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
The flag of the State of Vatican
city is white and yellow, charged
with the crossed keys and triple
tiara.
