# fudges tend toward non-jail sentencing
## 
### 
(AP) — In Florida, Kathy
Rodriguez pleaded no contest
last month to charges that she
abused her 8-year-old daugh
ter. In California, Rebecca
Brown was convicted of in
voluntary manslaughter in the
shooting death of her husband.
Neither woman was sent to
jail.
Florida Circuit Court Judge
Oliver Green put Rodriguez on
probation for 10 years. He or
dered her not to become pre
gnant during that time and not
to marry a man with children.
He also removed her two chil
dren from her custody. Rod
riguez has said she will appeal
her sentence as too harsh.
When Rebecca Brown was
convicted in the shooting
death of her husband — an al
coholic who beat her and ulti
mately threatened her with a
gun — Judge Stanley Golde
sentenced her to stay home for
one year, reporting twice daily
to a probation officer.
Criminal justice officials say
more and more often judges are
imposing such innovative sen
tences for serious crimes. One
reason, officials say, is the soar
ing cost of running and build
ing jails.
In Winona, Minn., County
Court Judge David Challeen
orders offenders to repay their
victim, to repay the community
and, often, to do something for
themselves — get a job or seek
counselling.
Recently Challeen ordered a
woman convicted of welfare

fraud to raise a vegetable gar
den for homes for the elderly.
He sentenced a man convicted
of drunken driving to cut fire
wood for the blind.
"I generally shy away from
jail. Jails don't work — but
sometimes with a violent crim
inal, you have no choice. You
have to put them in jail to pro
tect the community," Challeen
says.
The Law Enforcement Assis
tance Administration says the
mean cost of keeping one of
fender in prison for one year is
more than $6000; the cost of
building a new high-security
prison had soared, by 1978, to
$50,876 per bed.
These money pressures arr
aggravated in many cities and
states where courts have or
dered that overcrowding in
penal institutions be reduced,
says Lou Biondi of the LEAA.
In March 1978, 24 states had
been ordered by courts to re
duce prison crowding, the
LEAA reports. Scores of suits
were pending.
Taxpayer revolt against the
high cost of running prisons
has also accelerated this trend
in some areas, among them
California.
Faced with these pressures,
Biondi says, judges are increas
ingly putting a new twist on
sentencing. But they are most
prone to do so when dealing
with first offenders, he says,
adding: "I don't think judges
are putting genuinely danger
ous offenders on probation."
