# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Iti the recent depute between the
Northwestern University and the Uni
versity <>t' .Michigan, the former won.
The question wax, "Resolved, That, it
ouirht to be the policy of the federal
government to bring about the annex
ation of the Hawaiian Islands."
Iti the recent depute between the
Northwestern University and the Uni
versity <>t' .Michigan, the former won.
The question wax, "Resolved, That, it
ouirht to be the policy of the federal
government to bring about the annex
ation of the Hawaiian Islands."
Iti the recent depute between the
Northwestern University and the Uni
versity <>t' .Michigan, the former won.
The question wax, "Resolved, That, it
ouirht to be the policy of the federal
government to bring about the annex
ation of the Hawaiian Islands."
