# Last Distribution of 1927 Quads to Be Held Today
## 
### 
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
Robert. Paradise, business manager
of the Quad during 1927-28, has an
nounced that the last opportunity to
get one of last year's Quads will be
at the Accounting Office of the Old
Union, not later than 3 o'clock this
afternoon.
