# MARION HOLLEY SETS HOP-SKIP-JUMP MARK IN WOMEN'S CONTEST
## 
### 
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
Breaking the world's record in the
hop-skip-and-jump, and taking second
in the high jump from a field of track
stars gathered from all over the Uni
ted States, Marion Holley, '30, upheld
her remarkable athletic record in the
women's national track meet held at
Eureka, California, in September.
From seventy-five to one hundred en
trants were competing for honors in
the events, and it took another world
record breaker to beat her in the high
jump. Miss Holley cleared 36 feet 2
and 7-8 inches in the hop-skip-and
jump.
Miss Holley has shone in all
branches of sports that she has en
tered here. Last year she was a mem
ber of the all-star hockey and basket
ball teams, as well as being far ahead
of her competitors on track and field.
