# Seven States Conference Takes Recess for Month
## 
### 
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
DENVER, Oct. 4.—With foundations
laid for a probable early agreement on
the water and power questions incident
to the Colorado River controversy, the
Seven States Conference has recessed un
til November 7.
Although no definite settlement was
reached either on water or power,
spokesmen for delegations from all river
basin states admitted the belligerent
states were "so close together an agree
ment is imminent in the near future."
