# BOYNTON GREEN, '14, STUDYING IN PARIS
## 
### 
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
Corporal Boyton Green, '14, is at
present taking a course in the Sor
bonne, according to word received by
his mother today. Green was a me
chanical engineer in Stanford and en
listed in the early part of the war,
going to France with the 117 th En
gineers. At the time of the signing
of the armistice he was in the artil
lery school at Saumur and was eligible

for a second lieutenancy. The course
in the Sorbonne will last for four
months. Green stated in his letter
that a reunion of Stanford men in
Paris is planned for the near future.
