# Positions Available For UN Seminar
## 
### 
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
Fifty students interested in at
tending a United Nations seminar in
New York and at Lake Success are
invited to contact Mamabu Shibuya
at the YWCA offices. Information
,;bout this project may also be ob
tained in the Slimmer Projects file
in the "Y" rooms.
