# A 						Case of Forgery
## 
### 
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
To the Editor:
Though I am"not entirely out of sympathy with the opinions expressed
over my name in Tuesday's Campus Opinion, I did not sign that letter
nor would I have had I been given the opportunity. I like to keep the
record straight.
CLAY HOUSTON
