# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Intersociety Executive Committee.
The Intersociety Executive Com
mittee met this afternoon and de

cided to submit to the Intersociety
Debating League, which will meet
next Saturday night, a constitu
tional amendment making the
president of the League presiding
oflieer and an ex-otficio member of
the committee. The meeting Sat
urday evening will take action on
the abolition of the Intersociety
debate this year.
Intersociety Executive Committee.
The Intersociety Executive Com
mittee met this afternoon and de

cided to submit to the Intersociety
Debating League, which will meet
next Saturday night, a constitu
tional amendment making the
president of the League presiding
oflieer and an ex-otficio member of
the committee. The meeting Sat
urday evening will take action on
the abolition of the Intersociety
debate this year.
Intersociety Executive Committee.
The Intersociety Executive Com
mittee met this afternoon and de

cided to submit to the Intersociety
Debating League, which will meet
next Saturday night, a constitu
tional amendment making the
president of the League presiding
oflieer and an ex-otficio member of
the committee. The meeting Sat
urday evening will take action on
the abolition of the Intersociety
debate this year.
Intersociety Executive Committee.
The Intersociety Executive Com
mittee met this afternoon and de

cided to submit to the Intersociety
Debating League, which will meet
next Saturday night, a constitu
tional amendment making the
president of the League presiding
oflieer and an ex-otficio member of
the committee. The meeting Sat
urday evening will take action on
the abolition of the Intersociety
debate this year.
Intersociety Executive Committee.
The Intersociety Executive Com
mittee met this afternoon and de

cided to submit to the Intersociety
Debating League, which will meet
next Saturday night, a constitu
tional amendment making the
president of the League presiding
oflieer and an ex-otficio member of
the committee. The meeting Sat
urday evening will take action on
the abolition of the Intersociety
debate this year.
Intersociety Executive Committee.
The Intersociety Executive Com
mittee met this afternoon and de

cided to submit to the Intersociety
Debating League, which will meet
next Saturday night, a constitu
tional amendment making the
president of the League presiding
oflieer and an ex-otficio member of
the committee. The meeting Sat
urday evening will take action on
the abolition of the Intersociety
debate this year.
