# BLOCKADE SERIOUS
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
LONDON, Oct. 7 (UP). — Japan's
blockade of China's sea coast is
bound to spread distress and eco
nomic dislocation over the Pacific
and may affect world trade, experts
said today.
