# Women's Glee Club Picks 26 Members
## 
### 
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
Announcement that the Women's
Glee Club has accepted 26 new
members was made yesterday by
Alice Allen, Women's Glee Club
manager. Thirteen of this number
are freshmen.
Tryouts for Men's Glee Club will
extend through the production of
"Trial by Jury," and the best male
voices selected from cast members,
according to Miles Heberer, acting
director of the Men's Glee Club.
