# STADIUM WITHIN 60,000 YARDS OF COMPLETION; TO BE DONE OCTOBER 1
## 
### 
With the excavation brought
to within 60,000 yards of com
pletion, the construction of the
temporary seats well under way,
and the grading of the interior
of the bowl about half done, the
Stanford Stadium is approaching
completion three weeks ahead of
schedule. The excavators are
turning out the dirt steadily,
while the work of the carpen
ters in installing the seats has
been speeded up by the instal
lation of portable saw mills.
There are at present about forty
carpenters engaged in the build
ing, with approximately 200,000
feet of lumber on hand. Al
though the engineers' schedule
does not call for completion un
til October 19, present indica
tions are that the greater part
of the work will be finished by
October 1.
