# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
Tomorrow afternoon on Stanford s
new track, the greatest field meet
ever held west of the Rocky moun
tains, will be run off. Although the
meet is not directly under the aus
pices of the Stanford Student Body,
ii bears the Stanford name, and the
men who have planned and handled
it are all well-known Stanford men.
Moreover the meet has such an in
fluence upon Stanford affairs that in
two years, it has come to be looked
upon as one of the big events of the
second semester. This year over two
hundred men from the best prepara
tory schools on the Coast will visit
Stanford under the most auspicious
circumstances. Upon the Student
Body rests the duty of entertaining
these men and showing them that
buildings alone have not made Stan
ford University what she is today.
We have a splendid opportunity to
demonstrate to many good men that
Stanford is the place for them to
come, and we must make the most of
this opportunity. Tomorrow after
noon on the bleachers there should
be absolutely no partiality shown by
the Stanford spectators. Each team

must receive exactly the same treat
ment at our hands.
