# War Debt Negotiations Must Be Delayed--Rainey
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
WASHINGTON, March G (JP) —
Speaker-Nominee Rainey today told
newspapermen that "war debt ne
gotiations will have to be delayed"
pending readjustment of the bank
situation.
