# F.R. NAMES CABINET AID
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
WASHINGTON, March (» (/P) —
President Roosevelt late today ap
pointed Professor Rexford G. Tug
well of New York to be Assistant
Secretary of Agriculture.
