# Queen of Oregon
## 
### 

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.

Marjorie Dana, daughter of a
pioneer editor, Marshall N. Dana,
jwas selected as "Miss Oregon" by
I the Sons and Daughters of Oregon
Pioneers at the seventy-first anni
versary of statehood.
