# AIRMAIL REVISION IS PRESENTED TO HOUSE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1!). (A } ) â€”A
revision of the airmail regulations
as a method of putting the passen
ger planes of the country on a pay
ing basis was advocated before the
House postoffice committee. The
promised revision would permit,
(lie Postmaster General to contract
for mail transportation on a space
weight basis with the operators of
air passenger lines as well as with
the operators of airmail lines.
Postmaster General Brown, who
made the proposal several months
ago in a speech at Cleveland, ap
peared, to urge the committee to
approve the Watres bill in which
it is embodied. With him came a
score of other witnesses from air
mail and passenger lines.
