# COOLIDGES ON CALIFORNIA TOUR VISIT HOLLYWOOD
## 
### 

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.

Calvin Coolidge and Mrs. Coolidge with Governor C. C. Young and Mrs. Young who officially wel
comed the ex-President to California. Yesterday Mr. and Mrs. Coolidge visited the movie studios of
Hollywood as a part of their tour of California's points of interest.
