# KAPPA SIGMA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
Kappa Sigma fraternity an
nounces the pledging of William
E. Bush, *31.
