# "THE FLEET'S IN" AND QUIET FARM RALLIES TO CRY
## 
### 
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
Scores of students, including
a multitude of roughs, and
equally as many of the sup
posedly intellectual members
of the "500" clan can be seen
daily clambering up gang
planks and iron ladders or
griping from pierheads at the
largest assemblage of fighting
ships that San Francisco has
ever witnessed. Rumors are
going around that a training
ship will be established on
Lagunita as soon as some bat
tered destroyer can bo secured.
The airplane carrier Sara
toga proves the center of in
terest for the engineering stu
dents, while the women seem
to prefer the slim gray sub
marines that go through the
water at a surface speed of
nearly 25 knots. And thus all
Stanford rallies to the cry of
"the fleet's in."
