# ALL DRESSED UP FOR CHARITY
## 
### 

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."

Marion Murray of Tulsa, Okla., will wear this striking costume at
New York's charity carnival. The creation is called the "Golden Gate
of San Francisco."
