# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
Twenty-Fourth
Rexall Birthday
SALE
DURING FEBRUARY
The merchandise for this sale
has been carefully selected to
give you maximum savings; also
to prove once more that your
local Rexall Store is not merely
a single store but an important,
integral part of the greatest co
operative system of Service Sta
tions in % e world.
MAXIXE CHERRIES
Big. red, ripe Maraschino
cherries in liquid cream, coated
with rich chocolate. They fairly
melt in your mouth.
Regular price 49c per lb.
Birthday Sale /l^C
Price, per lb "I
This is only one of the won
derful values we offer during
this month.
Weingartner
THE REXALL STORE
Palo Alto, Calif.
