# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
University of Illinois students are
not allowed to drive cars during the
school year.
