# Graham and Criley Chosen As Men's Council Officers
## 
### 
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
Kenneth C. Graham was elected
chairman of tho Men's Council to suc
ceed William L. Hobro at Tuesday's
meeting of the tribunal. Theodore
Criley was re-elected secretary.
