# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TOKYO, Friday, Aug. 4 (UP) â€”
Two North Korean infantry patrols
slipped across the Naktong Kiver
in the darkness early today and dis
appeared under fire behind the new
western front defense line.
A front dispatch disclosed the
first penetration of the Naktong line
where the American and South Ko
rean forces may fight the decisive
battle of the war.
There still was no indication that
the Marine troops had entered the
fighting on the ground. It was re
ported yesterday as the Marines
moved to the front that when they
did go into action it would be as a
unit with their own aerial support.
The Marine planes flew in "close
support of ground troops opposing
the eastward thrust of the North
Korean army," the announcement
said.
Mac Arthur also announced that a
regimental combat team had re
pulsed a Communist attack east of
Chinju in a six-hour battle ending
at 6 a.m. today.
The North Korean patrol action
across the Naktong and the night
attack in the south indicated that
the Communists were attempting to
break through the new American
defense line before it could be com
pletely organized.
A spokesman at Eighth Army
headquarters disclosed that the
South Koreans holding the north
ern arc of the Allied defense line
had fallen back 10 to 20 miles dur
ing Thursday and Thursday night.
The action was described as a
"planned withdrawal" accomplished
without great enemy pressure. It
enabled the South Koreans to join
the American right flank on the
Naktong.
