# Student Guidance
## 
### 
"Students in private universities
such as Stanford need more voca
tional guidance than state univer
sity students" was revealed yes
terday by C. Gilbert Wrenn, as
sistant dean of the General Col
lege and professor of educational
psychology at the University of
Minnesota.
Dr. Wrenn cited the results of a
survey now being conducted at
Minnesota, which shows that pri
vate university men and women
are more undecided as to their fu
ture occupations than those at
tending public institutions.
Formerly the director of voca
tional guidance at Stanford, Dr.
Wrenn has been at Minnesota for
the past two years and at present
is teaching the last half of two edu
cation courses here. He received
his master's and doctor's degrees
here.
The professor has been active in
an innovation at Minnesota, where
an office termed the central co
ordinator, which unites special
services of the university, has been
established. "This co-ordinator
system is unique wilh Minnesota,
but should be spread to all the
larger colleges," he stressed.
Dr. Wrenn is also on the board
of another innovation, the admin
istrative study center, which is
responsible for giving "refresher"
courses to various professional
people.
Dr. Wrenn plans to go to Wash
ington next winter, where he will
work with the American Youth
Commission, which is sponsored
by the Rockefellers to study the
problems of youth.
