# THE 						CAMPUS
## LECTURE Tuesday Series 
### 
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
"American Influence on French
Culture" will be discussed by Dr.
Albert L. Guerard, professor of
general literature, tonight at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the
Memorial Hall.
Dr. Guerard will trace briefly the
literary influence emphasizing the

important role played by Edgar
Allen Poe and Walt Whitman. He
will also direct attention to some
present-day American writers liv
ing in France who are writing in
the French language but who ac
tually belong to the American
school.
The effects of our present-day
civilization on France is a wide
field which Dr. Guerard is ex
pected to cover in more detail at
some future time. This lecture,
however, will give a general idea
of the intellectual relationship
now established between the two
sister republics.
Dr. Guerard was born in France,
was graduated from the University
of Paris. He taught in France for
two years before coming to Stan
ford in 1906. He remained here for
♦
seven years prior to hjs appoint
ment as professor of French civi
lization and head of the Romance
language department at Rice In
stitute. He has been acting pro
fessor during summer sessions at
the Universities of Chicago, South
ern California, Wisconsin, Oregon,
and Hawaii. Dr. Guerard has been
at Stanford since 1925.


DR. ALBERT L. GUERARD
