# Off-Campus Women
## 
### 
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
Ann Arnold, president; Elsie Pe- 1
ers, vice-president; Rhoda Sonkin, i
secretary; Yoshie Tao, treasurer; 1
md Martha Noller and Ann Skilling,
uneheon chairmen.
