# Oppenheimer Film To Be Presented
## 
### 
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
A 45-minute filmed interview fea
turing Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer as
interviewed by Edward R. Murrow
will he presented Monday night by
the Stanford chapter of the Federa
tion of American Scientists. The
film will be shown at H in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
The public is invited free of
charge.
