# SINGERS WANTED
## 
### 
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
There is ample "room for singers
who would like to join the Univer
sity Choir even though the vacan
cies in the chancel choir are very
few in number. A large gallery choir
is desired for the special music
planned for Easter Day. Apiil 21,
and rehearsals will begin Thursday
evening, at 7 p.m. inthe Choir Room.
All undergraduate members of the
gallery choir will have opportunity
to sing in the chancel choir occa
sionally by a process of rotation.
