# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thk '96 Class holds a meeting
tomorrow t<> decide whether or not
it will give a senior farce during
Commencement week, l! is t<> he
hoped the class will see lit to carry
the project through, and thus set a
worthy precedent for future classes.
Last year the opera "Pinafore"
took the place of a class farce, and
this year there is a possibility of
the Choral Society giving a concert,
hut such an entertainment can
hardly take the place of a dis
tinctly original class performance.
There is plenty of ability in the
Class of hot h literary and his
trionic. and there is no reason why
its members should not present a
farce that will be a credit to them
as well as to the I Diversity. In
any case, the subject should not be
decided adversely without careful
discussion.
Thk '96 Class holds a meeting
tomorrow t<> decide whether or not
it will give a senior farce during
Commencement week, l! is t<> he
hoped the class will see lit to carry
the project through, and thus set a
worthy precedent for future classes.
Last year the opera "Pinafore"
took the place of a class farce, and
this year there is a possibility of
the Choral Society giving a concert,
hut such an entertainment can
hardly take the place of a dis
tinctly original class performance.
There is plenty of ability in the
Class of hot h literary and his
trionic. and there is no reason why
its members should not present a
farce that will be a credit to them
as well as to the I Diversity. In
any case, the subject should not be
decided adversely without careful
discussion.
Thk '96 Class holds a meeting
tomorrow t<> decide whether or not
it will give a senior farce during
Commencement week, l! is t<> he
hoped the class will see lit to carry
the project through, and thus set a
worthy precedent for future classes.
Last year the opera "Pinafore"
took the place of a class farce, and
this year there is a possibility of
the Choral Society giving a concert,
hut such an entertainment can
hardly take the place of a dis
tinctly original class performance.
There is plenty of ability in the
Class of hot h literary and his
trionic. and there is no reason why
its members should not present a
farce that will be a credit to them
as well as to the I Diversity. In
any case, the subject should not be
decided adversely without careful
discussion.
Thk '96 Class holds a meeting
tomorrow t<> decide whether or not
it will give a senior farce during
Commencement week, l! is t<> he
hoped the class will see lit to carry
the project through, and thus set a
worthy precedent for future classes.
Last year the opera "Pinafore"
took the place of a class farce, and
this year there is a possibility of
the Choral Society giving a concert,
hut such an entertainment can
hardly take the place of a dis
tinctly original class performance.
There is plenty of ability in the
Class of hot h literary and his
trionic. and there is no reason why
its members should not present a
farce that will be a credit to them
as well as to the I Diversity. In
any case, the subject should not be
decided adversely without careful
discussion.
Thk '96 Class holds a meeting
tomorrow t<> decide whether or not
it will give a senior farce during
Commencement week, l! is t<> he
hoped the class will see lit to carry
the project through, and thus set a
worthy precedent for future classes.
Last year the opera "Pinafore"
took the place of a class farce, and
this year there is a possibility of
the Choral Society giving a concert,
hut such an entertainment can
hardly take the place of a dis
tinctly original class performance.
There is plenty of ability in the
Class of hot h literary and his
trionic. and there is no reason why
its members should not present a
farce that will be a credit to them
as well as to the I Diversity. In
any case, the subject should not be
decided adversely without careful
discussion.
