# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
Clues /\ .
from '
the [8 &
For brisk, cool days—
ACTSON-BACK SPORTS
JACKET
In grey or tweed mixtures,
Action-Back jacket in
sures perfect tailoring,
through broad shoulder
line and bi-swing back.
$5.00
AT THE
Cfofhes Closet
510 Wavcrley
