# DON FULLBACK HOPES TO BEAT GAELS
## 
### 

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)

Ray Peterson is one of San Francisco university's best ball carriers
and is playing at fullback from where he expects to score against St.
Mary's in their annual game in San Francisco. (Associated Press Photo)
