# Rose Bowl Game To Delay Winter Registration Day
## 
### 
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
Registration Day for the
coming winter quarter will be
changed to Thursday, January
3, from January 2. in order to
enable students to attend the
Rose Bowl game on New Year's
Day and still not he late for
registration, President Ra> Ly
man Wilbur announced jester
day.
