# DANISH TRAINING SHIP FEARED LOST
## 
### 

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.

Fifty cadets and a crew of 50 are missing with the five masted
schooner Kokenhavn, nearly 100 days overdue at Melbourne, Aus
tralia, from Buenos Aires.
