# Meeting of Iota Sigma Pi Held at St. Francis Hotel
## 
### 
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
Eleven members of the Stanford
chapter of lota Sigma Pi, women's
national honorary chemistry frater
nity, attended their annual luncheon,
given by the California chapter this
year, at the St. Francis Saturday.
