# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
—Photographs of Stanford's Eli
zabethan stage are used to illustrate
an article by Ben Greet, in a recent
number of Harper's Weekly.
