# Literary Program To-Morrow Night.
## 
### 
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
Neatoria Literary Society will
present the following program to
morrow night: "A Review of the
Recent Mayoralty Campaign in

San Francisco,'' A. H. Baker, '06.
Regular debate, "Resolved, That
municipal ownership of street rail
ways would he for the hest interests
of the people of Chicago": affirma
tive, R. M. Blodgett, '07, A. B.
Shauer, '09; negative, Y. Ichihas
hi, '08, C. W. Henderson, '07.
