# LEGISLATOR EXPELLED
## 
### 
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Jan. 17 (/I 3 ) —
Representative Nelson G. Robinson,
who was elected while in jail on a
morals charge, was expelled from
the House chamber of the Wash
ington Legislature today. The vote
was 93 to 5.
