# PHI DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
Phi Delta Thela announces the
pledging of Robert EI wood Ander
son, '35.
