# KINGFISH, ESQ.
## 
### 

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.

Robust, domineering, red-haired
Senator Hticy P. Long of Louisiana,
boss in his own state and leader of
the lengthy filibuster which blocked
the Glass banking bill and caused
numerous congressmen to tear their
hair.
