# P.E. LELAND ELECTED PRESIDENT OF FRESHMEN.
## 
### 
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
P. E. Leland. 'lfi was elected presi
dent of the Freshman class for the
spring semester, at their meeting this
afternoon. The first year's students
chose R. Morgan vice-president, Miss
Ruth Lorraine, secretary and W. Ti.
Curtis, treasurer.
[rving I. Ingraham, '13, told the
Freshmen of the Stanford Union and
urged them to support the cause of a
campus clubhouse.
