# Forestry Club Names Officers.
## 
### 
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
.!. W. Sheldon, '11, was last evening
elected president of the Forestry Club
for tlie ensuing' semester. W. P. Wing,
'16. was chosen treasurer. Plans are
being formulated for a series of talks
before open meetings by men in the
Government service.
