# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
A Paris style creator now says that
a woman's perfume must match her
dress.
