# PENDRAGONS TO PLAY "WHAT PRICE GLORY"
## 
### 
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
"What Price Glory," one of the out
standing stage succcsscs of 1925-20, is
to be presented by the Pendragon Play
ers of Palo Alto, under the auspices of
the American Legion, sometime during
May.
The play was secured only through the
personal permission of Maxwell Ander
son, one of the co-authors, who is a
Stanford graduate. As yet it has not
been released for stock or amateur use.
Margaret Shedd Kisich, the director,
feels that the Players arc extremely
fortunate in having it to produce. Try
outs were h\:ld recently and the cast,
which will be choscn soon, will probably
include several Stanford students.
