# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
Rooters' tickets for the U.S.C.
track meet Saturday will be on
sale at the Old Union from 1 to
5 o'clock this afternoon. Tickets
for the baseball game against
Waseda College, which will fol
low the track meet, will also be
sold. Rooters' seats will be 50
cents for the track meet and 25
cents for the baseball game.
AAA/S', AAAAAAAAA
