# Military Ball Programs Ready to Be Distributed
## 
### 
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
Programs for the Military Ball to
morrow night have arrived and will be
distributed from 9 to 12 and from 3 to
5 o'clock today at the Bookstore. Eph
raitn Adams, chairman of the military
ball committee, states that there are
also a few bids left at the Bookstore
for those who have not yet availed
themselves of the opportunity to se
cure one.
