# Army Band Seeks Feature Vocalist
## 
### 
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
Opportunity still knocks for some
aspiring young vocalist, according
to Private Lou Baldacci. Baldacci,
who leads the newly organized
Army dance band, stated today that
auditions for a feature vocalist will
be held this Wednesday night in the
hope of securing a singer for tlv-
Friday night's ASC dance. 112
Although a female singer is pre
ferred. all applicants should leave
their names with the Orderly Room
at Encina, by no later than 20:1)0
tonight.
The dance, which will be the first
in. a new series of Army dances, i.s
scheduled for this Friday night, and
the entire campus is welcomed, ac
cording to Ray Hansen, dance chair
man. Refreshments will be provided
by the local chapter of the American
Red Cross.
