# Courtroom Jammed As Ma Kennedy Suit Commences
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
SEATTLE, Oct. 2. (/p)—Before a
courtroom jammed to capacity despite
a judicial ukase excluding girls under
18, the Rev. H. H. Clark, formerly a
Seattle minister, began the recitation
in superior court here yesterday of his
alleged relations with Mrs. Minnie E.
Kennedy, mother of Aimee Semple
McPherson, Los Angeles evangelist.
Clark is suing Mrs. Kennedy for $50,-
000, alleging breach of promise to
marry.
