# JORDAN UNCHANGED
## 
### 
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
No change is to be reported from yes
tcrday in the condition of Dr. Jordan.
