# ROBLE CLUB DANCE
## 
### 
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
Roble Club is giving its first in
formal this quarter on Saturday, Oc
tober 5. The dance, customary at the
beginning of each autumn quarter, is
given primarily for the new women,
although others are expected to at
tend.
