# ALLEN PLANS SERIES OF FALL LECTURES ON ELEMENTS OF MUSIC
## 
### 
A series of lectures the elements
of music is to be given this fall by
Warren D. Allen, musical director.
The first will be given October 22,
after which there will be one every
fourth Tuesday.
Realizing the need of some such
popular lectures on the elements of
music, in the absence of music
courses from the curriculum, the Com
mittee of Public Exercises headed by
Professor B. B. Robinson, has ar
ranged the series. Melody, rhythm,
and harmony, as well as other less
fundamental elements entering into
the composition and appreciation of
music, will be taken up. Allen will
illustrate his points on the piano.
An introductory lecture on the sub
ject, "Music as a Language," was
given at the end of Spring quarter.
