# "Frantic" Reopens Dance Season With College Night
## 
### 
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
Reopening the fall season, the St.
Francis Hotel in San Francisco an
nounces its weekly college night every
Friday evening. The old Fable and Gar
den rooms have been replaced over the
summer by the Empire Room.
Henry Halstead's Victor Recording
Orchestra furnishes music and enter
tainment. There is also a dancing con
test each week, the winning couple of
which receives a silver loving cup.
