# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
Dynamite was tied to the tail of the
family dog in an attempt to dynamite the
home of Joseph Melnick, Scranton, Pa.
