# 3486 ENROLLED
## 
### 
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
Stanford continues to grow bigger and
better, well, anyway, bigger. Enrollment
figures released yesterday afternoon show
a registration of 3486, an increase of
sixty-two over last year when 3424 stu
dents were registered at this time.
