# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
Mariposa House announces the
engagement of Cynthia Holcomb,
first - year Law School, to Elvin
Brown. KA. Business School, '51.
