# Untitled Article
## 
### 
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
P. K. Yost, '08, of California, has
given up track work by order of his
physician. Yost took second place
in the half mile in last year's in
tercollegiate meet.
