# CHAPIN SPEAKS AT CAMPBELL
## 
### 
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
Lcland T. Chapin, associate pro
fessor of speech and drama, will j
speak on "The Value of the Old j
Settler in the Modern Era" at the j
Campbell Union High School SH- ,
tiers Day program this Saturday.
The program will be held in the au
ditorium at 10 a.m.
