# Drive Quota Set at $3,000
## 
### 
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
Students will be asked to yive
$3,000 next week as Stanford Uni
versity's contribution in the national
Red Cross Drive.
The drive will open this Monday
and will continue through Friday.
Living groups will be contacted
through their own representatives,
and a booth will be placed in front
of the cellar for ofl-campus contri
butions.
Barbara Allen, chairman of the
drive, declared, "We are pretty sure
of reaching the $3,000 goal since we
now have about 7.000 students. The
national quota was cut in half so we
cut ours in half too."
The Stanford drive is taking place
one week before the national cam
paign so that it will not interfere
with dead week.
Freshmen are still needed to take
charge of the off-campus contribu
tion booth and anyone interested is
asked to contact their living group
chairman.
Red Cross displays will be in the
windows of the book store all this
week and a Red Cross movie short
will be added to the Sunday movies.
