# Former Rough Sings Tonight
## 
### 
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
Three concert singers, one a for
mer Stanford student, will appear
with the San Francisco Symphony
tonight at 8:15 in the War Memorial
Opera House.
Theodore Uppman, ex - Stanford
singer, will sing the part of Pellcas
in the symphony's presentation of
excerpts from Debussy's opera, "Pel
leas and Mclisande."
Tonight's concert is the tenth stu
dent concert presented in San Fran
cisco.
Tickets are~still availableand may
be obtained at Hurlburt House,
phone 8660.
Other singers on the program in
clude Maggie Teyte, internationally
known English soprano, and Perry
Askam, former student at the Uni
versity of Santa Clara.
Also scheduled for tonight's pro
gram are the "Prelude in E Major"
by Bach and Symphony No. 41 in C
Major by Mozart.
