# Weidman Will Dance At Concert
## 
### 
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
Charles Weidman, acclaimed by
critics as "our leading male dan
cer," and his company of ten, ar
rived here last night to present a
modern dance concert tonight at
8:15 in the Memorial Auditorium.
Weidman, Doris Humphrey, and
Martha Graham have been describ-

cd as the loading exponents of the
American tradition of modern dance,
in contrast to the German school.
DANCE A VITAL FORCE
Weidman and Mi ss Humphrey
.separated from Ruth St. Denis and
Ted Shawn in 15)20 to form their
own school of "the dance as a vital
force in contemporary life."
Tonight's repertoire backs up
Weidman's belief that "dancing
should entertain and astonish spec
tators, as well as amuse them."
VARIED PROGRAM
The program will include the bib
lical story of "David and Goliath";
a historical sketch of the bad man
from Missouri, "Jesse James"; "A
House Divided," a serious number
showing the problems of recon
struction faced by Lincoln after the
Civil War; and"And Daddy Was a
Fireman," based on the boyhood
experiences of Weidman whose
father was the Lincoln, Neb., fire
chief.
Tickets for the concert are on sale
today at the Memorial Auditorium
ticket booth, and will also be sold
at the door tonight.


CHARLES WEIDMAN
Star of Dance Concert Tonight
