# CONFERENCE MEETS TODAY
## 
### 
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
Women's Conference will hold a
get-acquainted party this afternoon
at 4 for the newly elected presi
dents of women's living groups.
