# Organist Plays This Afternoon
## 
### 
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
D. Sterling Wheelwright, acting
University organist, will present an
organ recital at 4:15 this afternoon
in Memorial Church.
Mr. Wheelwright will play the
following selections: '"Song Without
Words" by Bonnet; a four concerto
movement, "Introduction, Allegro,
Siciliano. and Presto" by Handel;
"Song of the Basket-Weaver" by
Russell; and "Festival Hymn - ' by
Bartlett.
• Students, and faculty are invited
t<V enjoy these weekly concerts,
played by Mr. Wheelwright each
Thursday afternoon.
