# N.S.F.A. GUEST
## 
### 
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
Ed Murrow, president of the
N.S.F.A., was guest of honor at a
luncheon given in his honor by the
Executive Committee in the Union
dining room yesterday noon. Mur
row discussed informally the Euro
pean travel department sponsored
by the federation.
