# Dr. D. E. Trueblood To Discuss Jonah
## 
### 
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
In answer to the request of various
students Dr. D. Elton Trueblood will
discuss critically the story of Jonah
at the morning service in the Memo
rial Chapel, Sunday. Speaker at the
4 o'clock vesper services will be Dr.
Y. T. Wu, distinguished Chinese
Christian leader.
The choral selections will include:
Prelude, "Intermezzo," Joseph Rhein
berger; Introit, "Now Thank We All,
Our God"; Anthem, "Worthy Is the
Lamb," Handel.
