# Standing Room Tickets on Sale
## 
### 
Don Liebendorfer, News
Service Director for the Board
of Athletic Control, made the
following announcement con
cerning California game tickets
last night:
Approximately 200 standing
room tickets for the game to
night will go on sale to students
at the B.A.C. office at 8:30
o'clock this morning. Those
whose names are on the waiting
list will be given preference un
til 10:30.
At 10:30 the tickets will be
made available to all students
who have not purchased them.
Students will pay 40 cents and
will be given cards which will
be exchanged for standing room
tickets at the Pavilion at 8:00
tonight.
