# WATSON ANNOUNCES HIS ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
Announcements have been received
telling of the engagement of Leslie
Watson, '18, to Miss Thelnia Boyum, a
former student who attended the Uni
versity of California. Mr, Watson was
very active in college affairs before
graduating and now holds the position
of civil engineer for the Maui Agricul
tural Company in the Hawaiian Islands.
