# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
The optometrist is com
petent to scientifically
measure your sight ability
and prescribe the right
lenses.
DR. COCHRAN
OPTOMETRIST
509 EMERSON* ST.
Frames changed while you
wait. Allowance made for
your old frame
Phone 5512 for appointments
