# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
THURSDAY
12 noon—Scalpers, the sophomore
honorary organization, will meet
on Thursday noon at the Deke
House.
4 p.m.—Zoology Club team will meet
to elect officers in Natural His
tory Museum. All persons inter
ested are invited to attend.
4:15 p.m.—Lecture on "Electric Dis
rc-rsion and Polar Properties," by
Dr. Peter Debye. Room 20, Chem
istry Building.
7:30 p.m.—First meeting of the
Christian Science Organization, on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
7:30 p.m.—Regular meeting of the
Christian Science organization on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Contrary to announcement in Mon
day's Daily, the A.W.S. Confer
ence party will be held a week
from Thursday, instead of this
Thursday, because of a conflict
with the Julian Huxley lecture.
7:30 p.m.—Lecture on "The Unique
ness of Man" by Dr. Julian S.
Huxley in the Assembly Hall. The
public is invited.
MISCELLANEOUS
All sophomore men interested in
trying out for tennis manager are
requested to sign the list posted in
the gym. The tryout will be held
very shortly.
Open hours for swimming when
the women's pool is not used by
classes may be used for recreation
by any woman, announces the phys
ical education department. Hours
are Monday, Wednesday, and Fri
day at 4 o'clock ancl Thursday at 3.
Exhibits of water colors by T. M.
Criley, October 2-25, and drawings
and designs for the theatre by
Harold Helvcnston and Frederick
Stover, October 2-30. Thomas Wel
ton Stanford Art Gallery.

University of lowa sports sched
ules for 1932-33 call for the Hawk
eyes to meet all other Big Ten
teams in cither football or basket
ball.
