# Y.W. Activities Tea To Fete Publications Staffs
## 
### 
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
Designed especially for new stu
dents interested in journalism, the
first activity tea given by the
Y.W.C.A. this year wiil have as
guests of honor members of the
staffs of the Daily, the Quad, and
Ihe Chaparral. It will take place
from 3:30 to 5:30 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon in the Y.W.C.A. rooms on
the third floor of the Women's
Clubhouse.
Old students, both men and
women, who feel the urge to meet
some of the campus leaders, or to
get something to eat, are also wel
come, according to Marion Hewlett,
chairman of the social committee
which is managing the affair.
