# MEXICAN CLERGY BATTLE
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 12 (/P) —A
dispatch from Jalapa, state of Vera
Cruz, said today that one person
was killed and two wounded in a
battle between "Cristeros" (church
supporters) and Anticlerics near
Tuxpan.
