# COLLEGE MATH.
## 
### 
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
The first half of the Summer Quar
ter at Stanford is six-tenths of the
whole.
