# RELATIONSHIP SHOWN BETWEEN THORNDYKE AND LITERACY TESTS
## 
### 
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
Statistics have been compiled show
ing the relationship between Thorn
dyke Intelligence Tests and the Eng
lish Matriculation Test. Four-fifths of
the women and only one-third of the
men at Stanford pass the latter. The
men who do pass it, however, have a
higher Thorndyke average than the
women.
Of those who fail, the women have
higher intelligence scores than the
men. According to Robert G. Bern
reuter, assistant in Personnel Re
search, the reasons for this are that
women entering Stanford have, as a
rule, much better command of written
English than do the men; yet the men
who have been interested in writing
excel. In regard to those who do not
pass, the higher intelligence average
of the women is due to the fact that
they have been selected on the basis
of superior fitness, while the require
ments to be met by the men students
are not so high.
During the last five years, the stu
dent average of intelligence as shown
by the Thorndyke tests, has raised
ten points, from 71 to 81. The grading
varies as follows: 71, 69, 71, 77, 81.
The scores of the women are consist
ently from two to four points higher
than those of the men.
