# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
INDIANS,
Spring is just around
the corner and so is
the sometimes tepid
weather of the bay
region. This is byway
of an introduction
to the announcement
that R/A has an
early bird special
for those who are
eager to take advan
tage of bargains.
It’s quite a selec
tion of short
sleeve white shirts.
For but 3.99.
ROOS/ATKINS
