# Adv. 24 Page 4
## 
### 
Wilbur Sponsor
Applications Out
Application forms for next
year’s men sponsor positions
at Wilbur Hall will be avail
able beginning Monday, Feb.
26 for those who will not be
at Stanford during spring
quarter. The application
forms may be obtained any
time next week in the Wil
bur Office and are due back
al the Wilbur Office before
5 p.m., Friday, Mar. 2.
Applicants should make an
appointment for an interview
when the application is sub
mitted. Those who will be
here during spring quarter
should apply during the sec
ond week of next quarter.
Friday, Feb. 23
8:00 P.M.
HILLEL FOUNDATION
880 Emerson Street, Palo Alto
SHABBAT SERVICE
AND ONEG SHABBAT
Speaker:
Mr. Hugh Nisscnson
Subject:
“The Eichmann Verdict”
