# More Undergrads Received Aid As Financial Grants Rise In '62
## 
### 
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
Nearly one-third of Stanford’s
undergraduates are attending the
University on some type of finan
cial aid, a survey disclosed re
cently.

And of all four classes of un
dergraduates, the 13G0 freshmen
require the most financial help.
Of the current crop. 43.6 per cent
are on scholarships or grants-in
aid.
The survey also showed that
the average stipend for all under
graduates is a trifle over $lOOO
annually, against an average an
nual student budget at Stanford
of $2615.
The report, compiled under the
direction of Robert P. Huff, di
rector of financial aids, shows
that during the current academic
year the University has allocated
$1,843,316 to the support of 1745
deserving undergraduates.

More than a million dollars of
this sum comes from Board of
Trustees’ appropriations, gifts
and endowments. The remainder
comes from California State
Scholarship support, the Nation

al Merit Scholarship Foundation
Inc., General Motors and other
educational funds.
Actual breakdown by classes
shows that during the current
academic year, 333 seniors, 385
juniors, 432 sophomores and 593
freshmen are receiving scholar
ships or grants-in-aid.
Only three years ago, some
$982,000 was budgeted. The cur
rent year’s figure is more than
$2.3 million.
Among other reasons for this
added financial support is Stan
ford’s high ranking with holders
of national scholarships and in
dustry’s greater interest in edu
cational support.
