# Award to Psych Prof
## 
### 
Nevitt R. Sanford, faculty
member and President of the
Wright Institute in Berkeley, re
ceived a research scientist award
from the National Institute of
Mental Health for $30,000 to be
used for research in social innova
tion.
Sanford is a professor of
psychology and education and
director of the Institute for the
Study of Human Problems. He has
experience in a wide variety of
fields including prison psy
chology, psychoanalysis, child
development, personality assess
ment, political and social at
titudes, social psychology of
higher education, and problems of
alcoholism.
He is the editor and senior
author of "The American Col
lege," "College and Character,"
"Physique, Personality and
Scholarship," and"The Author
itarian Personality."
