# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Among the organizations which
are showing signs of vigorous life
early in the year is the Women's
Athletic Association, which holds
its first meeting on Friday next.
This association meets a wide
spread need among our women stu
dents for companionship in exer
cise, and it should have their
earnest support. Basket-ball, track
work, tennis, hand-hall, cycling,
and walking are carried on in an
organized way under its auspices.
This variety of sports is such that
no student, from the most sedentary
to the most athletically inclined,
finds herself debarred from mem
bership. It costs little in time or
money to belong. If all women
who intend to do aught this year
but to eat, sleep, and study will
attend the early meetings and help
to formulate plans for the year,
they will feel their own interest ex
pand, while the University will
have the pleasure of seeing this as
sociation increase as it ought both
in numbers and usefulness.
