# Kickers Set Two Games
## 
### 
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
Stanford's soccer season opens
with a bang tomorrow when two
Card teams take on Balboa High's
two squads in practice games
which will be the only athletic
events on campus over the week
end. The main game is scheduled
to start at 10:30 a.m. on Harry
Maloney Field opposite Encina
Gym.
The Cards will suffer from the
loss of last year's co-captains Ben
Pentsil, who transferred to Michi
gan, and Mike Asafo - Boakye,
whose injured knee has gotten too
bad for play.
Returning, however, are last
season's high scorer Keve Larson
and sensational soph Dick Bart
lett. Also back will be John Leon
ard, a letterman two years ago
who exchanged to Scotland last
season. Two-year varsity goalie
Bill Dittman will be in the nets
with veterans Skip Lord, Jeff
Morby, Dag Nissen and Don Fil
lipoff also scheduled to play.
