# AWS to Auction
## 
### 
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
Unless claimed by the owners,
over $8000 worth of articles left
in dorms over the summer will
he put on sale by the Associated
Women Students for their schol
arship fund.
Such things as clothing, type
writers, skis and trunks may be
picked up Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday from 8:30 to 5:30 on
the third floor of Encina, west
wing, or inquire at the Resident
Director's office.
