# Miss 'X' in Olympic Race
## 
### 
The 11th annual Olympic Day
race will get off with a bang when
the gun sounds in front of the
Cellar at 3 p.m. today. Senior
class president John Wilhelmy
will start off as first of the 20
toga-wearing warriors who will
relay the torch to Rossotti's.
Boh Roberts will lead the car
cavalcade following the runners
and harass them through a loud
speaker during the marathon.
Runners will he located along the
route at relay stations and will
bear the torch to the next toga
clad athlete.
Each runner is representing a
well-known campus institution.
Big news for this year's Olympic
Day race, according to Senior Ex
com member VV'ally Cummings. is
Miss "X." Miss "X" is the mystery
runner who will race as anchor
man for the team, carrying the
torch from the last relay station
to Rossotti's. She will represent
Hie VVCTU.


ON THEIR MARKS
Toy a clad racerb practice in earliest
