# Veteran Wins Law Award
## 
### 
A 37-year-old Air Force veteran
who has undergone nine opera
tions on a war-smashed arm, M.
Peter Katsufrakis, has won the
Bertha Glikbarg Prize, awarded
annually to a member of the Stan
ford University Law School "who
gives promise of honorable
achievement in his profession."
In addition to putting himself
through Law School on scholar
ships, Katsufrakis was elected
president of the Stanford Law
Association, the equivalent of
student body president, and was
named to Phi Delta Phi, honorary
law fraternity. His award in
cludes a $1200 monetary grant
designed to help him through his
first year of practice.
Hiram S. Dillin, Hans H. Koehl
and Richard I. Oberholt/.er have
shared honors in the annual Irv
ing H. Hellman, Jr., awards.
