# AT LAKE
## Junior Class Will Hold Reunion 
### 
The junior class will hold its
annual reunion this afternoon at.
Searsville Lake from 4 to 9.
Sunning, swimming and boat
ing will be featured. Athletic
equipment for volley ball, soft
ball and other sports will be pro
vided. In the evening there will
be dancing to the Dixieland music
of a five-piece combo. A refresh
ment stand will be in operation
throughout the afternoon and
evening.
Junior women will be furnished
free transportation leaving at
3:45 from Florence Moore, Union
and the Row. This service is be
ing furnished by the junior men.
Admission will be 25 cents for
members of the Class of '60 and
50 cents for all others. The junior
class is paying one-half of the
regular admission price.
