# Memorial Church Needs Teachers
## 
### 
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
Teachers are greatly needed for
the Stanford Church School, re
ports the Rev. Tom Derr, assist
ant chaplain. The church school
program extends from kindergar
ten through junior high, and
credit may be received through
Education 114, a three-unit course
which also involves a class meet
ing on Monday afternoons.
Interested persons should leave
their names at the School of Edu
cation or the Memorial Church of
fice.
