# Come! Join!
## 
### 
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
Learn about the news first!
Interview interesting people in
all professions. Have all your
friends doing yon favors to win
good story locations. In other
words . . . JOIN THE STAN
FORD DAILY STAFF.
Come to the meeting for all
interested Sunday at 1:30 p.m.,
Room til-11, Inner Quad. Then
meet old members at the all
staff meeting at 2:30 p.m. at
the Shack. We're really a won
derful group. Meet us and see
for yourself.
