# Reserve Library Is Reorganized
## 
### 
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
The Reserve Book Room is now
featuring both open and closed
shelf areas for reserve books.
All books restricted to two-hour
loans will ho on closed reserve
behind the main counter and will
be paped on request. All other
reserve books loaned for one, two
or three days or one week will he
on open shelves around the room
in call number order. Students
may either read the hooks in the
room or charge them out.
This reorganization also in
cludes a designated exit door as
well as the entrance. A staff
member will he on duty to charge
out books at the exit desk during
most of the hours when the Re
serve Book Room is open, and
service will be maintained at the
main counter when that door is
closed. '
