# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
f INDIANS^
Roos, Atkins, de la
mucho mas! It’s true,
we do give you much
more, ask anyone
including language
majors!
We give you more
selection and more
value! Take our new
EDW. HAWK suit for
example! It’s Ivy
style and comes with
all sorts of built-in
extras! Lots of colors
and patterns.
Just 79.50
I
■
■
■
■
I
■
rqos/atkins
