# Play Tryouts Begin Tonight
## 
### 
Tryouts, open to the public, will
be held this evening, tomorrow
evening, Wednesday, and Thurs
day of this week for the Stanford
Players’ production of Friedrich
Duerrenmatt’s "The Marriage of
Mr. Mississippi.”
Director Juris Svendsen invites
everyone to the tryouts to be held
in Memorial Theatre at 7:30 each
evening. The main character parts
call for 2 women and 9 men, but
the director has announced thal
he also needs a large chorus.
Film, original music, and chore
ography will be used in the pro
duction which is scheduled for
Memorial Theater on Nov. 9. 10,
and 11.
Scripts are available at the Hu
manities desk at the Stanford Li
brary.
