# WASHINGTON HUMOR MAGAZINE RESTORED TO FORMER STATUS
## 
### 
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
With faculty permission assured,
preparations are now being made to
publish the March issue of "Columns,"
University of Washington monthly
publication suppressed by the faculty
committee on student publications re
cently for "impropriety." George Gut
tormsen, president of the Associated
Students, is to succeed the editor of
the magazine, who was suspended for
one year, along with one of the con
tributors to the February issue.
Student opinion is considered re
sponsible for the restoration of "Col
umns," as the agitation against it was
due chiefly to offended outsiders. The
original cover of the March issue
showed a girl in short skirts facing a
genuine hurricane, and was banned by
the faculty. The cover which will ap
pear shows a damsel in ankle-length,
old-time dresses, picking flowers, while
the hurricane has been changed to a
mild zephyr.
The chief offending article in the
February issue, "Lincoln Applesauce,"
has been explained by the magazine
to be merely a burlesque on the
American Mercury magazine, and was
not meant to be taken seriously, as so
many Washington taxpayers took it.
