# Indo-China Lull
## 
### 
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
SAIGON, French Indo - China —
Communist leader Ho Chi Minh,
whose rebels have seized 5,000
square miles of north Indo-China
territory from the French in the
past month, announced today that
lie did not plan an immediate "gen
eral offensive" into the rice-rich
iV-d River delta.
