# President's Wife Feted by Ventura
## 
### 
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
Ventura HaU held a tea honoring
Mrs. Wallace Sterling, wife of the
University president, Sunday after
noon from 3 to 5.
Guests included University offi
cials, residence directors, and ad
ministration wives, and Mrs. Ha
Hucneryager, former director of
Ventura. After refreshments the
guests were shown around the
rooms of the hall.
Chairman of the affair was Jan
Huiskamp. and Ventura girls acted
as hostesses.
