# Paly-Farm Group Maps Out Plans
## 
### 
The corner piccc oI Stanford Uni
versity property bounded by El Ca
mino Real and Barron Park will be
Riven primary consideration by the
newly formed Palo Alto - Stanford
liaison committee.
This was decided at the first
meeting of the group Friday.
The committee mapped out a
four-point program for future dis
cussion. It includes: (1) the water
problem, (2) civilian defense, (3)
Palo Alto Hospital, (4) Palo Alto
city planning and development of
University property. The piece of
Stanford property and items (1)
and (2) were marked for first con
sideration.
Palo Alto Mayor Walter Caspar
was elected chairman. Stanford
members of the committee are
President Wallace Sterling, Dr
Clarence Faust. Business Manager
All' Brandin, and Trustee George
Morell.
