# Korea Battle
## 
### 
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
T (IKYO, Wednesday, Oct. 18
CUP) The United Nations drive on
Pyongyang became a headlong dash
today, with the South Korean First
Division within four miles of the
city and in a race with the Ameri
can First Cavalry for the honor of
being first to enter the Communist
capital.
There was a better than even
chance that one or the other would
reach Pyongyang before nightfall.
