# Too Late to Salvage Asia' Wright Warns Federalists
## 
### 
"We won't salvage very much in
Asia; it is much too late," was the
warning voiced by Dr. Arthur
Wright, assistant professor of his
tory, at the meeting of the Student
Federalists at the Women's Club
house Monday evening.
This was the keynote of his talk,
much of which was based on his
many years' experience in the Ori
ent, which included a period of in
ternment in a concentration camp.
Professor Wright stated that there
are three barriers to world feder
alism in China: (1) an antipathy to
ward rule of codified law, (2) lack
of experience in democratic partici
pation, and (3) a super-nationalism
which has been increasing since
1912. One of the ways he suggested
to break down these barriers is to
admit the present government of
China to the UN, and allow UN
agencies to inspect and report on
the country.
As to the ticklish question of
which will become the leadinq na
tion of Asia, Professor Wright said
that it is between India and China,
with Japan not a prospect for "at
least fifty years."
Since China is now lost to the
Communists, and with Indo-China
on the way, Professor Wright feels
that if the U.S. instills a "decent
regime" in such countries as the
Philippines, Indonesia, and For
mosa, we can still ward oIT the
sphere of Communistic influence.
