# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The decision to postpone the date
of the election of members to the j
University Conference until Wednes- j
day was made in order that the men
in the various departments might have
a better opportunity to become ac
quainted with the names of the elec
tors as posted on Saturday, and so be
more qualified to select men on the
Conference who will be the best rep- j
resentatives of the department and of
the interests of the Student Body.
Every elector should take advantage
of this opportunity and be prepared j
on Wednesday to vote for the men |
whom he believes will prove capable
leaders and directors of student ac
tion and opinion.
The inauguration of the Conference ,
was the first important step toward j
student government and with a prop- j
erly constituted personnel the organ
ization may be able to make great
progress toward this goal during the
present year. Men should be selected
who are able and willing to take the I
initiative in furthering this plan, be
ing at once progressive and conser
vative, so that the Conference when
constituted will have the confidence
and united support of the Student j
Body.
