# Women's Executive Board Meets.
## 
### 
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
At a meeting of tlie Executive Board
of the Women's Athletic Association
the manager of the basketball team
reported over 50 girls signed up for
practice and expects more before the
list is closed. Plans were discussed
for the formation of a (Jiii's Tennis
Club, but no • definite decision was
reached in the matter.
Miss H. Green, '13, as elected to the
Executive Board of the Association as
the representative of the Freshman
class.
