# Play Set Changed To Gibson Girl Era
## 
### 
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
The setting of "The Truth About
Blaydds," Stanford Players produc
tion to open next week, has been
adapted to the problems of costum
ing. Written by A. A. Milne in a
contemporary setting of 1920, the
play required costumes of this unat
tractive age of fashion, which would
not, the players believe, provide
much attraction at the box office.
As a result, the setting has beer
transferred to the realm of the Gib
son girl, in the early days of this
century. Although more attractive,
the costumes still retain certain,
problems, according to Drama Coach
Strickland.
Manyof the costumes were gifts to
the drama department from various
friends, and have had to be remod
eled to suit the characters. Mourning
costumes worn throughout the third
act have been touched up with bits
of color to relieve the monotony.
