# Tresidder to Lead Hike Saturday at 1
## 
### 
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
Starting from Roble at 1 p.m. Sal
urda, Dr. Tresidder will lead another
hike for all faculty and students.
Hikers will go out behind the lake
over Jaspers Ridge and down by the
creek.
