# Correction
## 
### 
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
The November 30 Daily
incorrectly identified Miriam
Cherry of the United Campus
Ministry and the Committee
Against War and Fascism, as a
member of the New Left Project,
a group with which she is not
affiliated.
