# Card.
## 
### 
In the name of the Japanese
students I beg to thank the mem
bers of the University for their
kind sympathy and presence at the
funeral service of Y. Hirayama.
Y. Takasaki.
In the name of the Japanese
students I beg to thank the mem
bers of the University for their
kind sympathy and presence at the
funeral service of Y. Hirayama.
Y. Takasaki.
In the name of the Japanese
students I beg to thank the mem
bers of the University for their
kind sympathy and presence at the
funeral service of Y. Hirayama.
Y. Takasaki.
In the name of the Japanese
students I beg to thank the mem
bers of the University for their
kind sympathy and presence at the
funeral service of Y. Hirayama.
Y. Takasaki.
In the name of the Japanese
students I beg to thank the mem
bers of the University for their
kind sympathy and presence at the
funeral service of Y. Hirayama.
Y. Takasaki.
In the name of the Japanese
students I beg to thank the mem
bers of the University for their
kind sympathy and presence at the
funeral service of Y. Hirayama.
Y. Takasaki.
In the name of the Japanese
students I beg to thank the mem
bers of the University for their
kind sympathy and presence at the
funeral service of Y. Hirayama.
Y. Takasaki.
