# Adv. 34 Page 10
## 
### 
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe. <
trecfc
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
trecj2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
