# Golf Manager
## 
### 
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
The Stanford golf team is looking for a manager. The task
requires about five to 10 hours of work per week. You can
receive academic credit for winter and spring quarters. If
you're interested call Stanford coach Bud Finger at 323-5633.
