# Florence Flood Drive Nets $1500
## 
### 
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
The Funds for Florence Drive
pushed over the $1,500 mark this
week and will continue to take
contributions sent to the ASSU
Office.
The drive collected $334 ear
lier this week when a table was
set up at Engineering Corner.
Gay Stebbins, director of the
drive, yesterday told The Daily
that she was hopeful the drive
could soon reach its goal of
$2,000.
Of the $1,500, over $1,000 has
gone for the restoration of Flor
entine art works and was pre
sented by Guiseppe Mammarel
la, director of Stanford-in-Italy,
to the special committee under
the Mayor of Florence. Over
$400 has already gone for the
relief of individual families as
will all additional money col
lected by Funds for Florence.
