# Sequoia
## 
### 
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
"Sequoia," the Stanford literary
magazine, will be on sale today at
Engineering Corner and Tresidder Un
ion from 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Price
Is $1.00.
