# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
The Young Men's Christian As
sociation has been materially
strengthened and greatly benefited
by the visit of Mr. Mott. Although
the Association has as a rule had a
good membership, but few of these
members have taken an active in
terest in the work. Before Mr.
Mott came, the Association had a
membership of almost one hundred
students, but of this number only
twenty or thirty men were sincere
and honest in their efforts. These

few, however, have in the last two
or three years greatly increased
the efficiency and influence of the
organization, and with the direct
and indirect results of Mr. Mott's
influence, the organization prom
ises to become in the near future
an important and influential fac
tor of our college life.
