# Football Manager Tryouts Are Thursday
## 
### 
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in becoming football
managers for next year have been
requested to report to the BAC
Thursday afternoon between 1 and
.'{. The senior manager will inter
view all candidates at his desk in
the main office.
