# THE 						"500"
## 
### 
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
Stanford ranks first in the West
and seventh nationally in the
number of alumni serving as pre-
sidents of Fortune's famed "500,"
the top U.S. industrial firms.
