# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
YES!
"Say Si Si" sounds like
the best Mills Brothers'
in some time.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
