# Red Cross Roll Call Will Begin Sunday
## 
### 
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
The Red Cross annual roll call ho
gins next Sunday, and will end on
Armistice Day, November 11. Mem
berships new and renewed, are sought
to enable th Red Cross to continue
its work in peace as well as war.
