# FIRST ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
The first six national fraternities
to have chapters at Stanford came
to the Farm in 1891. These six in
cluded chapters of Phi Delta Theta,
Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa Psi,
Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, and Zeta Psi.
