# SUNTAN IN TWO MINUTES BY SPRAY
## 
### 

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^

A new painless suntan acquired in slightly more than two minutes
with a high-powered cosmetic spray was demonstrated at a Los
Angeles beauty show. The cosmetic is soluble in water. Le Theda
Kramer seems to enjoy Harry Siegelman's work in giving her a coat
of tan. f A«ssnriat«H Pr»>sc Phntr^
