# Professor To Speak On Jewels Over KGO Tonight
## 
### 
Professor Austin Flint Rogers,
Stanford mineralogist, will speak
over radio station KGO on jewels
and precious stones this evening at K
o'clock, the weekly Stanford Radio
Hour. Professor Rogers has been on
the Stanford faculty for the past 30
years and has developed in that pe -
riod the nucleus of a collection of
precious and semi-precious stones.
Professor Rogers will answer the
question, "Where do the precious
stones â€” diamonds, emeralds, sap
phires, rubies, and precious opals
come from, and what arc their char
acteristics?" He will discuss the
production of diamonds and opals in
the United States as well as the
other aspects of the production of
semi-precious stones and their use.
