# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
Carter Oil Company Research
Laboratory: Openings for 8.5.,
M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in E.E.,
M.E. and petroleum engineering;
and for M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in
geology, mathematics, chemistry
and physics in the research de
partment in Tulsa, Okla.
Geophysical Service, Incorpo
rated: Geology, mathematics,
physics and geophysics openings
in the United States and other
countries.
Gull Oil Corporation: Physics,
mathematics, geology, electrical
and petroleum engineering open
ings for U.S. citizens in West Tex
as and New Mexico.
Procter and Gamble Company:
Openings for liberal arts, M.B.A.
and men interested in business
administration within the frame
work of advertising in the adver
tising department in Cincinnati.
Union Oil Company of Califor
nia: Physics, chemistry, chemi
cal and petroleum engineering
openings in California.
