# Chappie. Will Hit Stands Tomorrow
## 
### 
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
October issue of the Stanford
Chaparral will hit the stands to
morrow.
This time it will be an election
issue instead of the usual "Wel
come Back" bit.
The coming Chappie features
the Old Boy running on the Cock
tail Platform, a two-page queen
shot, long movie reviews and a
grand total of 52 pages of "fun
and frolic."
The issue will be sold at the
four corners of the Quad, the Li
brary, School of Business and the
Post Office, for 33 cents a copy.
