# Liquor Problem Faces LASSU at Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
The liquor problem will again
come up for discussion before
Legislature tonight at its 7:30
meeting in the LASSU room.
Bob Freelen, ASSU president,
will bring before the body the
matter of Lloyd Downton's peti
tion to lower the drinking age to
19. After the discussion he ex
pects to appoint a committee,
headed by Men's Row representa
tive Skip Renner, to study the
petition for a possible recommen
dation to Legislature.
Twice before Legislature has
tackled the liquor problem and
failed to do anything concrete.
On Oct. 10 Legislature tabled a
resolution which refused to sanc
tion any ASSU gathering at which
drinking by minors would be a
featured thing. Last week the
suggestion to investigate the pe
tition was totally ignored by Leg
islature members.
Legislature is meeting a day
earlier than usual so it may pass
on today's ASSU primary elec
tions.
Other items on the short agenda
are a vote on the Publications
Board bylaws and a report from
Student Financial Manager Bill
Mathewson.
