# Madrono Opens Doors To Campus Tomorrow
## 
### 
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
Madrono House will hold an all
campus open house tomorrow night
from 9 to 12.
Dancing to records will be of
fered, and refreshments will be
served. Entertainment will be fur
nished by Kay Adams and her gui
tar.
Elaine Brandon is chairman of the
affair.
