# Proposition 2 Passes
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
SAN FRANCISCO — California
watched the margin of victory widen
today in passage of the initiative
wiping out the McLain - Williams
welfare regime.
But with the repeal measure came
problems — for state officials, re
lieved of handling $75 a month aged
security and $85 blind aid; for
county budget makers, once more
charged with the program; and for
the oldsters themselves, afTccetd by
changes in the law.
