# SMU Sporsoring Song Competition
## 
### 
Southern Methodist University
currently is sponsoring a contest
for the composition of a univers
ity alma mater, it was announced
recently.
Prizes totaling $7200 will be
awarded to nine songs over a
three-year period. The grand prize
of $1500 and a possible bonus of
$2500 will be awarded to one of
these songs in November, 1962.
Original compositions wit h
words and music appropriate for
an alma mater must be submitted
to the Caruth Competition Com
mittee each year by Jan. 10.
Requests for further informa
tion should bo addressed to the
Caruth Competition, P.O. Box 174,
Southern Methodist University,
Dallas 5, Texas.
