# Letters to the Editor
## 
### 
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
Bigger Eyes?
Editor, The Daily:
Every day in Enoina Hall I ob
serve some students who take
much more food than they can
eat. E.g., one took two cups of
soup and did not eat one spoon

ful out of it. Another got six
pieces of butter and left four.
Is it just my European educa
tion which prevents me from ov
erlooking this kind of "generos
ity"?
Kudoif C. Meincr
