# RAN ON DOGS
## 
### 
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
In 19.18 seven campus fraternities
bade fond farewell to their pooches
as a result of an order issued by the
Comptroller's office which banned
dogs on campus.
