# UNITED PRESS NEWS ROUNDUP
## Americans Escape Communist Thrust 
### 
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
SHANGHAI, China, Jan. 15 (UP).
—Chinese Communists have blasted
open a 600-mile-long corridor from
Peiping to the Yangtze River near
Hankow, fleeing United States mis
sionaries said today.
Refugee doctors, nurses, and re
ligious teachers streaming into key
government - held cities told tales
of narrow escapes in Communist
sieges, of Americans who refused to
leave their posts, and of the Com
munist-spreading anti-United Slates
propaganda in every town they en
tered.
American missionaries in Shang
hai and Hankow, evacuated from
battle zones in planes, boats, and
ieeps, said that large numbers of
Communist troops were rolling to
ward the Yangtze from the north,
threatening the government's hold
on South China.
