# Ski Club to See Olympic Movies
## 
### 
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
"Olympic Preview," a 75-minute
moving picture of U.S. Olympic ski
team members, will be presented at
the Palo Alto High School audito
rium Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. as a
benefit for the Olympic Ski Team
Fund.
The picture, sponsored by the
Stanford Ski Club, was filmed by
Dick Durance, former member of
the U.S. Olympic team. The narra
tion is by Lowell Thomas .
Admission will lie 75 cents, with
all proceeds going to the Olympic
Ski Team Fund.
Among those performing in the
downhill running and races shown
in the picture arc Bob and John
("Boots ) Blatt of Palo Alto, Stan
ford students who are members of
the 1!)48 Olympic downhill and sla
lom team.
Tickets for the benefit may be
purchased at Smith's on the Circle
in Palo Alto or at the ASSU office
on the campus, and will be sold at
the door if any are still available on
Ihe evening of the show.
