# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
Dorothy Hoskins Allen, '22, is now
Library representative and publicity

writer for the Sather Gate Book Shop
of Berkeley.
