# Eunice Biddle, '24, Is Chosen W.A.A. President
## 
### 
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
Womens' Athletic Association an
nounces the election today of the fol
lowing officers for next year:
President, Eunice Biddle, '24; vice
president, Carolan Strouse, '25; secre
tary, Margaret Watson, '25; treasurer,
Polly Learnard, '25; graduate repre
sentative, Joyce Robson, '23; senior
representative, Geraldine Franklin;
junior representative, Mabel McKib
ben; sophomore representative, Mini
son Hardy.
More than 150 votes were cast.
