# Pepper Box Revue
## 
### 
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
"The Pepper Box Revue" is a highly
spiced production, at which no one should
Pepper and spice is distributed
promiscuously in two great "shakes" and
tobasco plays a prominent part in the
palate-tickling. But often too much pep
per, too much spice will spoil the spa
ghetti. Some stars will fight for popu
larity; Sophie Tucker "cusses" her way
in. In a series of song and musical chat
ter, Miss Tucker gives full rein to her
ability to swear. Indeed, we hope no
sailors were present, as we greatly fear
their morals would have been materially
lowered. But in spite of the star, the
production reaches the height of its low
level. "The Pepper Box "Revue" is not
exciting, not dramatic, but it is entertain
ing in a calm, pleasing way. It is one
of those productions where the audience
sits quietly back in its chair while each
member of the spectacularly-costumed
chorus gyrates her left foot in the gen
eral direction of Los Angeles. There is,
of course, no plot, the production being
composed of sixteen "spices" with two
"seasonings," a series of vaudeville acts
or i-kits alternating with the singing of
the Tobasco Chorus and the cursing of
Miss Tucker. The production is excel
lently staged and the costumes are night
mares of the dressmakers' art; the music
is catchy, although the words are sense
less, and indeed the revue is typical of
those frothy, "creme de la creme" affairs
that are periodically expelled from New
York.
L. L. J.
