# Briefly
## 
### 
Shots of love
It's been a week since the last one.
You've had no fun. You haven't been
happy. You've been studying a lot.
Or not. You've been writing a lot. Or
not. You've just been sleeping a lot.
Bingo. Anyway. Friday — at Five, as
the case may be — you can do some
thing else a lot. You all know what I
mean. You can consume a great deal

of conversation. You can intoxicate
yourself with laughter about the
too-long week behind us. You can be
inebriated with fear over your up
coming finals. But most importantly,
you can be happy. That's right, it's a
Get Happy!! hour. Friday at Five. If
you're there, we'll be drunk with
happiness.
Shots of love
It's been a week since the last one.
You've had no fun. You haven't been
happy. You've been studying a lot.
Or not. You've been writing a lot. Or
not. You've just been sleeping a lot.
Bingo. Anyway. Friday — at Five, as
the case may be — you can do some
thing else a lot. You all know what I
mean. You can consume a great deal

of conversation. You can intoxicate
yourself with laughter about the
too-long week behind us. You can be
inebriated with fear over your up
coming finals. But most importantly,
you can be happy. That's right, it's a
Get Happy!! hour. Friday at Five. If
you're there, we'll be drunk with
happiness.
Shots of love
It's been a week since the last one.
You've had no fun. You haven't been
happy. You've been studying a lot.
Or not. You've been writing a lot. Or
not. You've just been sleeping a lot.
Bingo. Anyway. Friday — at Five, as
the case may be — you can do some
thing else a lot. You all know what I
mean. You can consume a great deal

of conversation. You can intoxicate
yourself with laughter about the
too-long week behind us. You can be
inebriated with fear over your up
coming finals. But most importantly,
you can be happy. That's right, it's a
Get Happy!! hour. Friday at Five. If
you're there, we'll be drunk with
happiness.
Shots of love
It's been a week since the last one.
You've had no fun. You haven't been
happy. You've been studying a lot.
Or not. You've been writing a lot. Or
not. You've just been sleeping a lot.
Bingo. Anyway. Friday — at Five, as
the case may be — you can do some
thing else a lot. You all know what I
mean. You can consume a great deal

of conversation. You can intoxicate
yourself with laughter about the
too-long week behind us. You can be
inebriated with fear over your up
coming finals. But most importantly,
you can be happy. That's right, it's a
Get Happy!! hour. Friday at Five. If
you're there, we'll be drunk with
happiness.
Shots of love
It's been a week since the last one.
You've had no fun. You haven't been
happy. You've been studying a lot.
Or not. You've been writing a lot. Or
not. You've just been sleeping a lot.
Bingo. Anyway. Friday — at Five, as
the case may be — you can do some
thing else a lot. You all know what I
mean. You can consume a great deal

of conversation. You can intoxicate
yourself with laughter about the
too-long week behind us. You can be
inebriated with fear over your up
coming finals. But most importantly,
you can be happy. That's right, it's a
Get Happy!! hour. Friday at Five. If
you're there, we'll be drunk with
happiness.
Shots of love
It's been a week since the last one.
You've had no fun. You haven't been
happy. You've been studying a lot.
Or not. You've been writing a lot. Or
not. You've just been sleeping a lot.
Bingo. Anyway. Friday — at Five, as
the case may be — you can do some
thing else a lot. You all know what I
mean. You can consume a great deal

of conversation. You can intoxicate
yourself with laughter about the
too-long week behind us. You can be
inebriated with fear over your up
coming finals. But most importantly,
you can be happy. That's right, it's a
Get Happy!! hour. Friday at Five. If
you're there, we'll be drunk with
happiness.
Shots of love
It's been a week since the last one.
You've had no fun. You haven't been
happy. You've been studying a lot.
Or not. You've been writing a lot. Or
not. You've just been sleeping a lot.
Bingo. Anyway. Friday — at Five, as
the case may be — you can do some
thing else a lot. You all know what I
mean. You can consume a great deal

of conversation. You can intoxicate
yourself with laughter about the
too-long week behind us. You can be
inebriated with fear over your up
coming finals. But most importantly,
you can be happy. That's right, it's a
Get Happy!! hour. Friday at Five. If
you're there, we'll be drunk with
happiness.
