# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
—One hundred and seventy-nine
men have signed up for track and
field work at the University of
California.
