# DRUG USAGE
## 
### 
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
Princeton's 3,200 undergradu
ates have been acquainted with
the legal, social and medical as
pects of drug use through the
publication of a 23-page booklet,
"Psychedelics and the College
Student."
The booklet, containing de
scriptions of both successful and
unsuccessful "trips," was writ
ten by 12 upperclassmen and
published through the financial
backing by University officials
and the three upper classes.
