# Johnson Defends His Own Record
## 
### 
AP â€” President Johnson, in
one of his most partisan speech
es in many months, said Satur
day night that he knows he can
boost his popularity by adopting
policies aimed at getting the
country "out of trouble cheaply
and fast" but that, he said,
would be irresponsible.
Addressing a black-tie $1,000-
a-couple dinner-dance here In
Washington, aimed at raising
money for the 1968 campaign,
Johnson made it clear that he
is not about to change his pol
icy on Vietnam or his advocacy
of social welfare programs at
home.

Looking squarely toward the
presidential election the chief
executive said:
"I tell you that I will work as
hard as a man can work for his
country, and I will do every
thing in my power to build a
record for our Democratic Par
ty that America will embrace 13
months from now."
In a toughly phrased speech
pointed directly at his critics,
Johnson waved his party's ban
ner and declared:
"America is a richer and
stronger and fairer nation today
because Democrats made it so.
And we have only begun."
