# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
C.Y. Choo, travelling secretary of
the Chinese Students' Federation, an
international organization, is on the
campus visiting the Chinese students
of the university.
