# Lindauer Visits Campus.
## 
### 
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
S. A. Lindauer, '10, visited on the
campus Saturday and Sunday, being
entertained at the Delta Chi house.
Lindauer was forced to leave Harvard
University, where he was pursuing
professional law study, on account of
ill health, but hopes to return to Stan
ford next year.
