# L.D. SUMMERFIELD WILL EDIT NEXT CHAPARRAL
## HAMMER AND COFFIN HOLDS ANNUAL ELECTION. Four Names Added to the Staff of Stanford's Humorous Publication. 
### 
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
Lester Douglas Summerfield, '12, of
Reno, Nevada, was elected editor of the
Chaparral for the coming semester at
the last meeting of the Hammer and
Coffin Society. Summerfield has taken
an active part in things literary at
Stanford. Besides the Chaparral, he is
a member of the staff of the Sequoia,
the 1012 Quad Board, and Euphronia.
His work on the college humorous
publication has been excellent thruout
and he has well earned this latest
honor.
Four men were also elected to mem
bership in the Hammer and Coffin So
ciety and places upon the board of the
Chaparral. They are, M. T. Dooling,
'11, J. W. Howell, '12, R. E. Hartley,
Jr., '14, and W. S. Wood, '14. Dooling
is from Hollister and is a member of
the staff of the Sequoia and of Phi
Delta Phi. Howell is editor-in-chief
of the 1912 Quad, was coxswain of the
1912 crew in his Freshman year, is a
member of the Press Club and of Beta
Theta Pi. Hartley claims membership
in Theta Delta Chi, and Wood is on
the staff of the Daily Palo Alto and a
member of Acacia.
