# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
The Second Varsity won their game
against the Sodality ruggers from San
Jose by the score of 14 to 5. The
contest was well played by both fif
teens, the only accidents being an in
jured ankle sustained by Watts of
Stanford, which compelled him to re
tire from the game.
