# NURSES' CARNIVAL
## 
### 
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
The Stanford Student Nurses will
sponsor their annual Winter Carni
val tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. at the
Nurses' Residence in San Francisco.
