# URGES PAY RAISE
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 24 (UP) —
President Eisenhower today recom
mended a 3 to 4 per cent salary in
crease for most civilian government
workers.
