# Hospital Escapee Visits Stanford
## 
### 
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
An escapee from the Veterans'
Hospital in Palo Alto paid a brief
visit to campus last night, and was
apprehended later in Los Altos.
Graduate student William Leo re
ported to policc that lie had given
a man fitting the escapee's descrip
tion a ride to the Cellar at about
fi:3o p.m.
Los Altos police apprehended him
at 10:30, and he admitted having
been on campus.
