# Nanney Will Present Organ Recital Today
## 
### 
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
An organ recital will be given to
day at 4:15 p.m. in Memorial Church
by Herbert B. Nanney, University
organist.
Included in his program will be
"Prelude and Fugue in C Minor"
by Bach, "I Call to Thee, Lord
Jesus Christ" by Fachelbel, "Ga
votte from Third Concerto" by Han
del, "Fantaisie in A" by Franck,
and "Carillon de Westminster" by
Vierne.
