# "THE BETTER TO TICKET YOU WITH"
## 
### 
Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

Some foolhardy student parked his Volkswagen by the fire
plug in front of the Daily Shack recently and was rewarded
with the honor of receiving the first ticket handed out by
Stanford Patrolman George Lester since he put into service
his new Harley-Davidson three-wheel motorcycle. The new
cycle itself is worth $1,300, and Stanford's up-to-date po
lice department has installed about $500 worth of equip
ment on it. Chief Cordon Davis expects this one to last
seven or eight years of playing "Police Tag" around Quad.

