# EL CAPITAN ELECTS
## 
### 
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
John Doolittle, president; L. J
Davis, vice president; Casey Case
secretary; Jerry Kovacic, treas
urer; Miko Gla/er, rushing chair
man; Pat Takahashi, athletic
chairman.
