# SIGMA CHI OFFICERS
## 
### 
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
Jack Burke, consul; John Bun
nell, pro-consul; Chris Cottle,
rushing chairman; Dean Stephan,
social chairman; Bill Whiting,
tribune; Cliff Jensen, annotator;
Rob Royse, house manager; Jim
Moe. Marc McGinnes, pledge
trainers; Nels Christensen, schol
arship chairman.
