# Military Sent Into Mint Strike Area
## 
### 
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
FLINT, Mich., Jan. 12 (UP).—Gov.
Frank Murphy ordered 1500 National
Guardsmen into strike-torn Flint to
day as reports from Toledo said 1800
C.1.0. union members were converg
ing on this city to support General
Motors strikers.
Gov. Murphy ordered the 126 th
Infantry to Flint from its armories
in nine cities. A few hours earlier
Colonel John S. Bersey, adjutant
general, had ordered the troops mo
bilized for strike duty.
