# General Sale of U.C.L.A. Tickets Starts Today
## 
### 
Three hundred tickets for each
U.C.L.A.-Stanford basketball game,
Friday and Saturday nights, will go
on sale at 8:30 this morning to the
general public at the B.A.C. ticket
office for $1.10 each. No more stu
dent tickets are available.
"Students who have secured root
ers' tickets for the game must bring
their student body cards to the Pa
vilion Friday and Saturday nights.
All students will not be required to
show their student body cards, but
if there is any doubt as to whether
or not the holder of a rooter's ticket

is a student, the pei-son concerned
will be required to show a .student
body card," announce*? Don Lieben
dorfer, News Service Director of the
B.A.C.
"Hooters' tickets are not transfer
able, warns Mr. Liefoendorfer.
