# Union Changes Menus From White to Peach
## 
### 
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
Delicate peach has replaced pro- I
letarian white as the color of Union
Cellar menus. Starting yesterday j
noon, this revolutionary change took
place in the appearance of one of j
the Farm's fundamental institu- i
tions.
A new schedule of meals, further
more, has replaced the old confusing
system of numbered meals, with
their unnecessary duplication of
items such as salads, soups, and
drinks.
From the crack of 12 yesterday,
dinners and lunches will have only
the main courses numbered, with the
side trimmings the same for all. A
la carte lists will be included for
each day.
