# Vesper Service Thursday.
## 
### 
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
The weekly vesper service will he
held in the Memorial Church on
Thursday afternoon at 4:30. This
is a short devotional service, fol
lowing the organ recital, and last
ing half an hour.
