# WEEK'S SPORTS
## 
### 
THURSDAY, MAY 5
TENNIS —Stanford Frosh vs.
Robert Louis Stevenson High
School, Stanford Courts, 3 p.m
BASEBALL —Stanford Frosh vs.
University of California, Stan
ford, 3 p.m.
FRIDAY, MAY fi
TENNIS —Stanford vs. Univers
ity of British Columbia, Stan
ford Courts, 2:30 p.m.
BASEBALL —Stanford vs. Uni
versity of California, Stanford,
3 p.m.
GOLF —Stanford vs. University

of California, Berkeley, 11
a.m. Stanford Frosh vs. Uni
versity of California, Bcrkel
ley, 11 a.m.
SATURDAY, MAY 7
TRACK & FlELD—Stanford vs.
University of California, Ber
keley, 1 p.m.
TENNIS —Stanford vs. Univers
ity of California, Berkeley, 2
p.m.
BASEBALL —Stanford vs. Uni
versity of California, Berke
ley, 12 Noon. Stanford Frosh
vs. University of California,
Berkeley, 2 p.m.
