# NEW PIANO FOR BOWMAN
## 
### 
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
Bowman Alumni House has a new
piano for its lounge, thanks to a
member of the class of 1917. The
donor is H. Paul Kegley of Palo
Alto.
The instrument, a Knight piano
imported from London, is a small
upright. The wood has a blond fin
ish and blends with the modern
decor of Bowman Alumni House.
