# ENGINEERING PROBLEMS OF THE WAR WILL BE DISCUSSED
## MARX TALKS TOMORROW Work of Stanford Engineers In Meeting Problems To Be Discussed 
### 
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
The work done by Stanford en
gineers in the war will be spoken of
by Professor C. D. Marx in his talk
on "Engineering Problems and
Achievements of the War" in the Lit
tle Theater tomorrow morning at 11
o'clock. The lecture will be one of
the series of war talks planned by
the committee on war information.
For the benefit of non-technical stu
dents Dr. Marx asserts that he will
treat his subject in a general light
and avoid phases of It familiar only
to the engineering profession. He
will gave a presentation of some of
the things which have been accom
plished in the engineering world to
meet the problems which have arisen
in an effort to increase production,
transportation facilities, and every
thing which makes it possible to send
men and supplies to the front with
greater speed.
Dr. Marx has been instrumental In
helping Stanford engineering students
to secure places in the service and
has followed their activities in the
work of the engineering corps. To
morrow he will tell of some of the
particular tasks which these men
have accomplished in the solving of
engineering problems in the war.
Professor V. J. West of the Depart
ment of Economics will give the next
war lecture May 23, when he will de
liver an address on "How the Federal
Government Is Meeting the Problems
of the War." The last of the series
for this quarter is scheduled for June
6 when Dr. Jordan will speak on "Ger
many's Ambitions in Both Hemis
pheres."
