# LOS ANGELES LIABLE FOR PARKER REWARD
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 22 (/P).—The
City of Los Angeles which offered a
$10,000 reward for the capture of the
slayer of Marian Parker, Los Angeles
school girl, and then held it up when a
question arose over whether or not it
was responsible for payment of the fund
after her killer, William Edward Hick- j
man, was captured, learned today that it
was liable.
The city attorney in a report to the
city council held that the $10,000 fund
was payable to Tom Gurdane and Buck
Lieuallen, Pendleton, Ore., police officers,
who effected the capture of Hickman. |
Hickman was hanged last month for the i
murder. The question of liability arose
over the payment of a reward out of pub
lic funds. The city attorney contended
the reward was an aid to the law in that
it stimulated police in their search and
worked for law enforcement.
