# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
Action is being taken at the University
of California, Los Angeles, to change
the name of its annual from "Southern
Campus" to something more suitable. The
present name is said to be both inade-
