# "DEADWOOD DICK" RETURNS
## 
### 
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
RAPID CITY, S.D., Nov. 22 (ff).—
"Deadwood Dick," Richard Clark of
Deadwood, S.D., returned to his native
Black Hills today after going to Wash
ington 011 his first airplane trip. He in
vited President Coolidge to make another
visit to the hills.
