# All the Brothers Were Valiant
## 
### Feg Murray 
Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

Big Bill Edwards says that younger
brothers, as well as sons, of football
players, pick up the essentials of the
game long before they get to school
or college. It may be that argus-eyed
brothers properly educate their young
er fraternal relations, or that the
brats develop the football instinct
themselves or are taught it by the
coach, but at any rate there are
scores of cases of two or more broth
ers starring on the gridiron, usually
at the same institution of learning,
but sometimes at separate universi-
I ties.
The six Poes of Princeton are the
most famous. Old Nassau saw twenty
two years of Poes, during at least
thirteen of which there was a Poe on
the varsity. Johnson, '84, was the
first of the lot; Edgar Allen, who
holds the ball in the accompanying

drawing, was next. He was twice cap
tain. Then came Johnny, now buried
in France; next Arthur, who stole the
hall from the arms of a Yale player
on November 12, 1898, and ran one
hundred yards to win the game; and
last, but not least, Gresham Poe.
Princeton is also proud of the five
Hipgses, the three Harlans, and the
Moffats. Cornell traditions honor the
fcur Youngs, the Munnses, the Tau
sigs, and the Careys, while Harvard
boasts of the gridiron deeds of the
Wendells, the Withingtons, and the
Hallowells. The four Pratts played
nobly for Amherst, the three Green
ways starred for Yale, as did the two
Bliss boys, Pop and Laurie. The list
is endless, and includes the Hinkeys,
Coys, Joneses (later famous coaches),
the Traffords, Warners, and the three
Drapers of Williams.

There have been several instances
or brother playing against brother.
Besides the Callahans of Princeton
and Yale, the late "Alec"e Wilson of
Yale, Captain in 1915, saw an orange
and black jerseyed brother waiting
across the field, while an older

brother, a former Princeton guard in
1911 and 1912, sat in the stands.
Then too, there were the Borns, A. S.
of the Navy and Charley of the Array,
in 1926.
Triplets play on the Hamilton In
stitute team in New York City.

