# Tin Pan Music Is Used To Protect Russian Villages
## 
### 
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
TOMSK, Siberia, Nov. 22. (,/P) —Tin
pan music is played by whole villages
to drive bears away from peasant
homes and livestock. The beasts have
become particularly daring in this re
gion, approaching homes and cattle
in broad daylight. The moment they
are sighted, frying pans, pails, and
samovar funnels are hurriedly mobi
lized, and the racket raised by the
whole village invariably drives the
bears off.
