# Frosh Women Of Last Year Should Sign For Luncheon
## 
### 
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
All sophomore women who attended
Stanford in their freshman year, and
who are planning to go to the buffet
luncheon which is to be held in the
Women's Clubhouse on Friday, Decem
ber 7 at 12:15, are urged to sign up im
mediately. Bcnita Nobs has charge of
the lists in Roble and a sophomore has
been appointed for this purpose in each
sorority. There will be no charge for
the luncheon.
