# ROBLE HOUND RESCUED
## 
### 
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
Syllabus, alias the Roble Hound, is
now a reputable resident of the Stan
ford campus. He has acquired a li
cense, a bath, a home, and an owner.

The own«r is Marian Holley who res
cued him from the poundmaster. To
confirm his re-established character
she has given him a new name, Ferdi
nand I.
