# ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
## 
### 
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
The engagement of Miss Dorothy
Bogen, Stanford '30, to marry
Theo Farrington, '2!), was an
nounced yesterday. Miss Bogen is
a member of Alpha Omicron Pi.
Farrington is now in business in
San Jose. No wedding plans have
yet been made.
