# Soph Jolly-Up To Be Held In Women's Clubhouse
## 
### 
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
To the syncopation of the t ardinal
Revellers, the. sophomore class will
he the hosts tonight at the first
jolly-tip of the winter quarter. Ihe
jolly-np will he held from 7 to 8 o'-
clock in the Women's Clubhouse, and
all sophomores particularly are urged
to attend hv the committee in charge.
