# U.C. ROLL GROWS
## 
### 
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
Showing an increase over last
spring semester, the registration
figures at the University of Cali
fornia today revealed an enroll
ment of 11427 students for the com
ing term. Total registration this
year is expected to pass the 12,000
mark.
