# Dr. And Mrs. Wilbur At Home To Faculty Sunday
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will lie at
home, informally, at the President's
House, Sunday afternoon, January
•Jfitli, between three and five, to
members of the faculty and their
wives.
