# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
Seniors of the University of Illi
nois recently held their first class
"stag" dance.
