# Bat Injures Ballplayer At Practice Yesterday
## 
### 
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
I Charles K. Howe suffered a broken
nose in varsity baseball practice yes
terday afternoon and was taken to
the Pah) Alto Hospital. The accident
occurred during hatting practice when
the man preceding him at the plate
threw his bat, striking Howe in the
face. According to the members of
Thcta Chi, Howe's fraternity, the in
jury is not dangerous, although he
remained it the hospital l.tst nivht.
