# Dean Named
## 
### 
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
Rixford Snyder, dean of ad
missions at Stanford, has been
named to a 10-member advisory
committee to promote advanced
placement programs in Califor
nia high schools.
His selection was announced
by Thomas W. Braden, president
of the State Board of Education.
Stanford receives more advanced
placement candidates than any
other college in California.
