# A 						La Mode!
## 
### 
The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

The- Daily Sports Staff's sug
gestion for the design of the new
sports pavilion.

