# Sweat, Tears
## 
### 

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong

I,ast niffht was 11 hip one for many freshmen. Rush bids were lej;al tender
anytime after 0:15 p. m. Here Alpha Sigma Phi active entertains anxious frosh
as Roble hostess Chris Talman backs him up. Daily Phoi» by Thomas Bong
