# Daily Sports
## 
### 
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
Erck in left, Dick Swan at sec
ond base, Hi Lewis at third base,
and the pitcher.
CIBA STANDINGS
W L
USC 10 1
UCLA 3 0
Stanford 2 3
Cal 2 4
Santa Clara 3 7
UCSB 2 6
