# New Deal on NG Disability Benefits
## 
### 
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
A decision of the Administrator of
Veterans' Affairs recently gave a
new interpretation of Public Law
108 involving National Guardsmen
injured while on active or training
duty; they may be eligible for dis
ability benefits administered by the
Veterans Administration, regardless
of how long ago they suffered in
jury.
Benefit payments, however, may
not be made retroactive prior to
August 15, 1945, even though the
date of injury or death was before
August 15, 1945.
Under Public Law 108. a National
Guardsman may be entitled to ben
efits—
(1) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from disease
while engaged for periods in excess
of 30 days in any type of training or
active duty under sections of the
National Defense Act as amended;
or
(2) If he suffers disability or
death in line of duty from injury
while on active or traniing duty fo.
any period of time under the same
sections of the National Defense
Act.
Benefits to which he may be en
titled are the same as provided for
officers and enlisted men of the
same grades and length of service o.
the Regular Army.
