# Faculty Notice VISITING FACULTY
## 
### 
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
President and Mrs. J. E. Wallace
Sterling have invited all visiting
faculty members to a tea at their
home at 62!) Miranda, Stanford. It
will be held from 4:30 to G p.m. to
morrow.
