# Prof. J.O. Smith Speaks at Banquet.
## 
### 
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
At a banquet of the Unitarian Club
of California, held in the red room
of the Fairmont Hotel last evening,
Prof. James P. Smith of the Law de
partment, spoke on the University of
Wisconsin. It was a "University Eve
ning," and the guest, of honor was
Horace Davis, who has returned from
the inauguration of President Lowell
of Harvard University.
