# NEW SPORT ANTICIPATED.
## Intercollegiate Rifle Clubs Are Being Organized in All Large Colleges. 
### 
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
The National Rifle Association of
America located at Washington. D. C.,
is making an effort to organize Rifle
Clubs at the various colleges through
out the east and on the Pacific Coast.
At the present time seventeen colleges
have organized clubs and are taking
much interest in the several competi
tive shoots that will take place this
winter and next spring. Membership
in the National Association is still
open to a number of colleges, and it
is the hope of the national officers
that an adequate number of University
students will enlist so that large
shoots can be held among the insti
tutions of both the East and West
this year.
The universities of California and
Washington have signified their inten
tion of joining the Association and are
now organizing clubs. Besides these
two all the large institutions east of
the Rocky Mountains have become
members, including Yale, Harvard and
Cornell.
The local matches are to be held
on the grounds of each of the teams,
or on the range of some national
guard, if a suitable shooting area is
not available on the University cam
pus. At all shoots trophies are given
by the National organization to the
successful club and individual com
petitions.
