# DR. JORDAN WILL ADDRESS FRESHMEN
## "Stanford Standards" Is the Subject of the Talk for Monday Evening 
### 
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
"The History and Founder's Tdcals of
Stanford" is to he the topic of a talk
by Dr. Jordan next Monday evening at
a mass meeting of freshmen students
which is to he held under the auspices
of the Y. M. C. A. The lecture is to he
the first of a series of talks which the
Stanford "Y" has arranged for the hene
lit of the first-year men, and will be
held in the Assembly Hall at 7:30 p. m.
The Association has planned to institute
a new course on the Campus during the
coming year which will be known as
"Stanford Standards." and which, it is
hoped, will be of immense advantage to
freshmen in "getting on the boat." In
the past the first-year man was left alone
to gather his own ideas of Stanford tra
ditions. It is the intention of the Asso
ciation to have resumes of campus cus
toms given by prominent men here from
time to time, and in this way afford the
new students an opportunity to learn the
history of the University, which knowl
edge is necessary in order to feel the
Stanford spirit.
