# STANFORD PROFESSOR RETURNS FROM TULSA
## 
### 
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
"Capillary Phenomena as Related to
Oil Production" is the title of the paper
read by Frederick G. Tickell, professor of
petroleum engineers, Petroleum Division,
at Tulsa, Oklahoma, October 18 and 19.
Professor Tickell returned to the campus
yesterday from Tulsa, where he also at
tended the International Petroleum Cong
ress and the National Petroleum Exposi
tion.
While in Oklahoma Professor Titkell
visited the Seminole fields in the central
part of the state, considered to be one of
the largest oil fields on the mid-conti
nent.
