# $1,000 GIVEN WOMEN FOR ATHLETIC FIELDS
## 
### 
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
The Board of Athletic Control
last night voted a $1,000 appro
priation to be spent during the
coming year for the maintenance
or improvement of women's ath
letic fields. The money will be
expended by the general mana
ger of the board in accordance
with the needs.
President Philip Cavalero of the
Associated Students, ex-officio
member of the board, sponsored
the motion for the appropriation.
