# Chess Club Meeting Is Scheduled For Tonight
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
Members of the Stanford Chess Club
will meet tonight at the Women's Club
house instead of Thursday night, ac
cording to an announcement today. The
meeting was postponed on account of
the rally Thursday.
A club tournament will be Conducted
under the direction of President A. V.
Mueller and all members are urged to
be present in order to take part. A
short business meeting will follow.
