# Bootblack Wagers Week's Liberty on Cardinal Victory
## 
### 
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
Here is one man who has so much
faith in a Stanford victory over the
the Blue and Gold next Saturday that
he has bet seven days in the county
jail on it. He is Bill Sparks, boot
black. Bill was arrested in San Jose
last week for being intoxicated. The
judge sentenced him to pay $30 fine
or spend thirty days in the county
jail. As Sparks was broke he was
forced to take the alternative of a
month's free board and lodging at the
expense of the county.
While his finger-prints were being
taken in the jail Sparks began tell
ing of Stanford's football team. The
finger-print expert was a supporter of
the Blue and Gold. Then the bet was
made. If the Cardinal wins next Sat
urday the expert is to pay Sparks'
fine and secure his freedom.
But if the Bruins are the victors
Sparks will be forced to begin his
sentence all over again lengthening
his time from thirty to thirty-seven
days.
"But they ain't nevali goin' to win
that game," says the bootblack.
"'Cause ah shines the shoes of evry
one of them Stanford boys, an' ah
knows that they just cain't lose."
