# U. C. BASKETERS ARE OUT IN LARGE FORCE
## 
### 
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
Basketball practice started last week
at California with a squad of forty
men contending for places. There
are from three to ten men out for
each position. Coop, captain of the
freshman squad last year, is consider
ed one of the strongest forwards in
competition and the last year's men
must work to keep in the race. Other
new material in the field is consider
ed by the coaches capable of giving
the old men a hard fight. The coaches
expect even a better team than last
year as a result.
Basketball will start at Stanford
immediately after the close of the
football season.
