# Faculty Members To Attend Institute On World Matters
## 
### 
Six Stanford professors have been
named official delegates to the thir
teenth session of the Institute of
World Affairs to be held at the Riv
erside Mission Inn December 15
to 20. x
Those who will represent Stanford
at the institute are: Dr. Carl L.
Alsberg, Dr. Edgar E. Robinson, Dr.
Yamato Ichihashi, Dr. Graham Stu
art, Dr. T. H. Boggs, and Dr. Ralph
Lutz.
Nineteen universities have named
delegates to the institute, which is
held under the auspices of the Los
Angeles University of International
Relations of the University of South
ern California.
Discussions on national and in
ternational problems ranging from
"The New Deal Legislation and the
Constitution" to "The Italo-Ethio
pian Conflict" are scheduled on the
program of the institute.
