# Encina Club Holds Dance November 16
## 
### 
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
On Saturday night, November 16,
following the Montana - Stanford
football game, Encina Club will hold
its annual dance in the lobby of the
hall. Bob Kinsley, member of the
dance committee, announced last
night.
The committee, consisting of Dean
Pierose, chairman; Jack Tuck; Tan
ner Wilson; Leo Haggerty; and Rob
ert Kinsley, has tentatively en
gaged Craig's Cardinals as the or
chestra for the social event. Bids
will be $2.
