# Macon Hovers Over Field To View Game
## 
### 
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
Over 50,000 people attended Satur
day's football game against South
ern California, figures last night in
dicated.
In the Stanford section, men with
their white caps and women waving
red pom-poms, made up a section of
2.000 rooters. Across the field, on
the S.C. side, the Trojan rooting
section was composed of around
1600 rooters, who thronged up to
Palo Alto by train and automobile.
Southern California entertained
between halves with eleven card
stunts, while the dirigible Macon
hovered over the stadium. At the
same time the Cardinal rooting sec
tion went through six card stunts.
Spelling "Coach Tiny," the Trojan
rooters were quick to honor Stan
ford's mentor. Following this, a
speech direct from the Macon, was
broadcast, and the Stanford section
described an immense blue anchor,
the navy emblem, and turned the
cards overhead that, they might be
seen from the air.
Troy rooters made an impressive
display spelling out "navy day" and
picturing an Indian beside his wig
wam in another stunt. Stanford's
main stunts were a Trojan head with
gleaming red eye, and a white Tro
jan horse covered with a Stanford
blanket.
