# Personnel Study Grant Available
## 
### 
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
A $1,000 fellowship award for
personnel research in the fields
of college recruitment and place
ment is available to a graduate
student or qualified faculty mem
ber, Dr. Dudley Boyce, campus
placement director, announces.
The Vera Christie Graduate
Fellowship, sponsored annually
by the Western College Place
ment Association, was established
to encourage research in the phi
losophy, standard, practices and
objectives of recruitment and
placement.
Full details on ihe fellowship
are available from David B. Cas
per in the west wing of Encina.
Deadline for applications is Dec.
2. The award carries no restric
tions on holding other fellow
ships, assistantships, or other
employment.
