# Daily Readies Election Issue
## 
### 
The Stanford Daily will
publish a six-page election is
sue Wednesday morning with
complete United Press Inter
national coverage of the na
tional election and additional
staff stories on the local and
state elections.
If necessary, The Daily will
hold its regular 11:15 p.m.
press deadline until 3 a.m. to
insure its 12,300 readers of
the most complete election
coverage available on cam
pus. At any rate, the "Penin
sula's Only Morning News
paper" will not be locked up
until one candidate has con
ceded.
Anyone on campus who
wishes to know the latest re
turns nationally or from a
particular state is invited to
phone The Daily at DA 2-6168
from 5 p.m. tomorrow on.
