# Final Election Set This Week
## 
### 
The 18 candidates in this
week's final ASSU elections
head into the last four days
of campaigning today, with
balloting scheduled for 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. Wednesday and
Thursday.
Election booths will be set
up again at Engineering Cor
ner and at the post office. In
addition, a special poll will be
installed at the library
Wednesday evening from 7-9
p.m.
The confusion over what
four candidates would be in
the runoff for the two Legis
lature positions from Wilbur
Hall was settled Friday morn
ing by a recount.
Vying in the final election
will be freshmen Barry Car
ter. who got 140 votes in the
primary last week; Dean Hill,
239; Bill Smiland, 113; and
Rich Watson, 136.
