# TEN MEN INITIATED PHI DELTA PHI TODAY
## Clever Stunts Draw Crowds Between Classes on the Quad 
### 
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
Initiation stunts of Phi Delta Phi,
professional law fraternity, were given
between classes this morning, attract
ing the usual crowds at the Law
steps. The final public stunt came at
12:ir>, at the post office. Ten law stu
dents were taken into the organization
at this time. They are W. J. Stafford,
'17, R. S. Lytle, '17, W. A. Lynn, '17,
W. R. Wheatly, '17, F. H. Richey, gr.,
E. C. Kester, '17, A. C. Young, gr., E.
B. Wilkins, '17, and R. H. Grant, '17.
