# FOOTBALL QUESTION IS TOPIC FOR COMING ASSEMBLY
## WILL TALK OVER SITUATION Advisory Board and Executive Committee Meet and Draw Up Resolution 
### 
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
An opportunity to hoar the views of
the Stanford alumni, the Advisory
Athletic Committee and the Executive
Committee, in regard to the football
situation, will be given the students
of the University M. an assembly to
be held at an early date. These views
were ehrystalized at a meeting of the
Athletic Advisory Hoard and the Ex
ecutive Committee, held last evening,
and the stand of the two bodies was
placed in the form of a resolution.
This resolution was drawn up by the
Advisory Hoard, consisting of three
members of the faculty, two alumni
and three. students, and was unani
mously adopted by the Executive Com
mittee.
Arrangements have been made to
get speakers who are in touch with
the alumni and are in a position to
know every phase of the football sit
uation. The resolution will be placed
before the students at the assembly
and will be discussed by these speak
ers.
Opportuinty for discussion by the
students will be given also, after the
action taken by the Committee and
Advisory Hoard is made clear.
All classes will be excused for this
meeting.
