# Untitled Article
## 
### 

As he is wont to do, Gorba
chev took several opportuni
ties to shake hands with awed
onlookers. Despite arriving
late, Gorbachev didn't disap
point as he found time to
make all the planned spots.

As he is wont to do, Gorba
chev took several opportuni
ties to shake hands with awed
onlookers. Despite arriving
late, Gorbachev didn't disap
point as he found time to
make all the planned spots.

As he is wont to do, Gorba
chev took several opportuni
ties to shake hands with awed
onlookers. Despite arriving
late, Gorbachev didn't disap
point as he found time to
make all the planned spots.

As he is wont to do, Gorba
chev took several opportuni
ties to shake hands with awed
onlookers. Despite arriving
late, Gorbachev didn't disap
point as he found time to
make all the planned spots.

As he is wont to do, Gorba
chev took several opportuni
ties to shake hands with awed
onlookers. Despite arriving
late, Gorbachev didn't disap
point as he found time to
make all the planned spots.

As he is wont to do, Gorba
chev took several opportuni
ties to shake hands with awed
onlookers. Despite arriving
late, Gorbachev didn't disap
point as he found time to
make all the planned spots.

As he is wont to do, Gorba
chev took several opportuni
ties to shake hands with awed
onlookers. Despite arriving
late, Gorbachev didn't disap
point as he found time to
make all the planned spots.
