# INSIDE
## WEATHER 
### 
So close
One more strike and Card
baseball is out — for the
rest of the season.
See Sports, page 9

Almost done
Do dying batteries really
last longer if you put them
in the freezer?
See Science, page 7

We did it
Stanford track makes
severed season and lifetime
bests at NCAAs.
See Sports, page 9

Today:
If you're awake,
70s to 80s.
Tomorrow:
Another day, an
other Daily to
do.


So close
One more strike and Card
baseball is out — for the
rest of the season.
See Sports, page 9

Almost done
Do dying batteries really
last longer if you put them
in the freezer?
See Science, page 7

We did it
Stanford track makes
severed season and lifetime
bests at NCAAs.
See Sports, page 9

Today:
If you're awake,
70s to 80s.
Tomorrow:
Another day, an
other Daily to
do.


So close
One more strike and Card
baseball is out — for the
rest of the season.
See Sports, page 9

Almost done
Do dying batteries really
last longer if you put them
in the freezer?
See Science, page 7

We did it
Stanford track makes
severed season and lifetime
bests at NCAAs.
See Sports, page 9

Today:
If you're awake,
70s to 80s.
Tomorrow:
Another day, an
other Daily to
do.


So close
One more strike and Card
baseball is out — for the
rest of the season.
See Sports, page 9

Almost done
Do dying batteries really
last longer if you put them
in the freezer?
See Science, page 7

We did it
Stanford track makes
severed season and lifetime
bests at NCAAs.
See Sports, page 9

Today:
If you're awake,
70s to 80s.
Tomorrow:
Another day, an
other Daily to
do.


So close
One more strike and Card
baseball is out — for the
rest of the season.
See Sports, page 9

Almost done
Do dying batteries really
last longer if you put them
in the freezer?
See Science, page 7

We did it
Stanford track makes
severed season and lifetime
bests at NCAAs.
See Sports, page 9

Today:
If you're awake,
70s to 80s.
Tomorrow:
Another day, an
other Daily to
do.


So close
One more strike and Card
baseball is out — for the
rest of the season.
See Sports, page 9

Almost done
Do dying batteries really
last longer if you put them
in the freezer?
See Science, page 7

We did it
Stanford track makes
severed season and lifetime
bests at NCAAs.
See Sports, page 9

Today:
If you're awake,
70s to 80s.
Tomorrow:
Another day, an
other Daily to
do.


So close
One more strike and Card
baseball is out — for the
rest of the season.
See Sports, page 9

Almost done
Do dying batteries really
last longer if you put them
in the freezer?
See Science, page 7

We did it
Stanford track makes
severed season and lifetime
bests at NCAAs.
See Sports, page 9

Today:
If you're awake,
70s to 80s.
Tomorrow:
Another day, an
other Daily to
do.


