# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around the
Quad" items is 5 p.m. of the day
before publication.
