# Spanish Groups Will Hold Dinner
## 
### 
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
Sigma Delta Pi, honorary Spanish
fraternity, and Casa Espanola will
co-sponsor a dinner and informal
get-together Friday night to cele
brate Pan-American Day.
The no-date affair will begin with
-i dinner at Marie Antoinette's din
ing room, 1040 Noel Drive, Mcnlo
Park, at G p.m. At 9:30 the party
will go to Casa Espanola for danc
ing.
Tickets will be s-old in front of
the Cellar today and can be bought
at the Casa any time before Thurs
day. Price for the evening is $1.50.
