# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
Roble Hall announces the en
gagement of Mary Clark, '55, 1o
Pete Howland, a senior at San Die
go State College.
