# Curry Presents Hooks to Law Class.
## 
### 
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
The Secretary of the State of Cal-1
itornia, C. F. Curry, has presented a
copy of his book on California cor
poration law to each member of
Professor Huston's class in corpora-!
tions. The book is entitled, "Cor
poration Laws of California," and is
a compilation of all ihe laws of the
State relating to the subject. It is
supplemented with copious notes and
has be: j n brought down to date In
die author.
