# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
Dixie Howell, Alabama all-Amer- I
.ican, will try out with Detroit this
spring.
