# CALIFORNIA CO-EDS WOULD
## 
### 

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)

These two University of California co-eds tired of cigarettes so
they decided to smoke pipes for a change. Now they puff their briars
with nonchalance. They are Gloria Moore (left) of Redondo Beach,
Cal., and Jean Hart of Petaluma, Cal. (Associated Press Photo)
