# SET REGATTA DATE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
NEW YORK, March 7 The
[ntercolelgiate Rowlm" A s'>ciation
Loday set Tuesday, June 18. as the
date for the renewal of the Pough
keepsie Regatta on tiie Hudson
River.
