# HOLT NOW IN PALO ALTO
## 
### 
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
Henry Holt, familiar to Stanford
audiences for his performances as a
piano soloist and accompanist, has
been appointed choir director at the
First Presbyterian Church of Palo
Alto.
