# Phleger To Address All-Campus Assembly
## 
### 
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
The entire Stanford student body
will meet this morning at 11 lor the
first fell-campus assembly of winter
quarter in Memorial Hall to hear an
address by Mr. Herman Phlegcr on
"Military Government and the Nu
remberg Trials."
After opening the assembly and
welcoming the newcomers to the
Farm this quarter, ASSU President
Bob Kennedy will introduce Joel J.
Carter, baritone and teaching assist
ant in the division of music, who will
sing the "Stanford Loyalty Hymn"
with the accompaniment of the A
Capella Choir.
Dr. Tresidder Speaks
Dr. Donald B. Tresidder, president,

will give a short introduction to the
speaker, Mr. Phleger, who returned
to the States from Germany just
shortly after New Year's Day.
Mr. Phleger, a member of Stan
ford's Board of Trustees, served as
the deputy chief of the Legal Divi
sion of the United States group of
the Control Council in Germany for
half a year. He will use the expe
rience he gained as part of the gov
ernment of occupation as a basis for
his address.
"Stanford Hymn"
Following the speech, the audience
will be asked to join with the choir
in singing the "Stanford Hymn."
Herbert Jan Popper, professor of
music, will serve as accompanist.
The "Loyalty Hymn," wi ich the
50-man choir will sing under the di
rection of Mr. Carter, was composed
oy Warren D. Allen, organist, with
the words written by Lura Ke ley.
The assembly, sponsored ly i
'ommittee on Public Exercises, was
planned by a joint studen -'
committee composed of: I r
Charmian Kolar, ASSU vice-, resi
dent; George F. Sensabaugh. pro
fessor of English, and Mr. Cave;.
The assembly has been pi nned to
meet the requests that many stu
dents have expressed for the entire
student body to gather informally.
Ten members of Cardinal will serve
as volunteer ushers.


DR. TRESIDDER . . . who will
introduce the speaker at today's
assembly.
