# DIBBLE SIGNUPS
## 
### 
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
Girls interested in going to Dib
ble Hospital on Sunday evenings arc
asked to contact Jane Frazer at Ma
drono.
