# YWCA Elects New Officers for Year
## 
### 
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
Stanford YWCA announces the
following election of next year's
officers: Sharon Baxter, presi
dent; Janet Wisnom, vice - presi
dent; Arline Anderson, secretary;
Helen Todd, treasurer, and Lucy
Guthrie, national representative.
Officers will be installed Wed
nesd a y. May 16, in Memorial
Church. All members are invited.
