# Matinee to Feature New One-Act Play
## 
### 
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
David King's original one - act
play. "A World Apart," will be
featured on this afternoon's Thea
tre Matinee program at 4:15 in
the Little Theatre.
Included in the cast are Peter
Knmp, Pat Triplet!, Kelly Reyn
olds, Marilyn Pool and Kana Op
sahl. Director is Ronald Barnes.
There will be no admission
charge.
