# H. Granville Barker Will Speak Tonight
## Noted English Playwright Is to Talk on "The Staging of Shakespeare" 
### 
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
H. Granville Barker, Esq., will
speak in the Little Theater tonight
on "The Staging of Shakespeare." The
noted lecturer has been brought to
Stanford at the cost of $150, and be
cause of the large audience expected
the request has been made by the
committee in charge that those desir
ing to hear the talk be there promptly
at 7:30.
The noted English speaker has a
world-wide reputation 'as an actor,
playwright, and manager. Among his
plays are "The Marrying of Annette
Lee," "Voysey Inheritance," "Waste,"
"Madras House,""The Morris Dance."
He is also the author of numerous
articles and stories, some of which
have appeared in American magazines.
He is the author of "A National The
ater" and "Red Cross in France." He
has had a varied experience in the
staging of plays and is therefore ex
ceptionally well qualified to speak
on the subject which he has chosen
for tonight's lecture.
