# Prohibition Oratorical Contest Comes March 15
## 
### 
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
Prohibition oratorical contest will
be held at 8 p.m., March 15, in the
Little Theater. Six contestants will
be chosen from those who hand in
three manuscript copies of their 1500
word speeches to the registrar before
March 9. Three prizes of $50, $30 and
$20 respectively, are offered for the
best orations.
