# Student Composes Music for "Justice"
## 
### 
Special music, written by C. T.
Vandervort, '15, will feature the mus
ical program to be played for the pro
duction of "Justice," in the Assembly
Hall, Friday evening. Yandervort's
composition will be played during the
intermission between the first act of
"Justice" and the second act, —the im
pressive court-room scene. "Tlie
Awakening of Spring" is the title of
the number to be given its premiere
Friday.
Maurice Blumenthal's eleven-piece
University orchestra will be in the
pit. Blumenthal has selected a pro
gram, each number of which is dis-
tinctly appropriate to the atmosphere
of the Galsworthy work. Friday's se
lections will be similar to those play
ed at the Candler Theater in New York
during the phenomenal "Justice" run
last year.
Three rehearsals before the final
full scenic and dress rehearsal are
set for this week. Mathieu will apply
his finishing up process tonight, to
morrow afternoon and evening. The
dress rehearsal will be held Thursday
evening.
The seat sale for "Justice" was
opened this afternoon. Measured by
the number of persons who stood in
line for the drawing, the demand for
seats threatens to shatter the record
hung up by "Seven Keys to Baldpate."
Lines began forming both at Wein
gartner's and at the campus book
store as early as 11:30. At the book
store the throng reached proportions
greater than at any previous sale for
■student drama, looming up as a con
tender for the length record attained
by recent Junior Operas.
