# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
Quad Angles
FROM J. M.
"COZY COTTON QUILT
SKIRTS"
Pretty, bright, full-circic!
One, a colorful calico
print.
$12.95
Another, a cotton flannel
ette quilt in black, gray,
or white check.
$12.95
Both in sizes 10-16
SPORT SHOP
Joseph Magnin
301 University Ave.
