# Mural Scores
## 
### 
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
El 25, El Tig re 0
Los Arcos beat Breakers (over
time)
Theta Chi 1! 20. Phi Psi I I)
Viiage 208 19. Village 212 ti
Village 2Hi beat OIT-Campus (for
feit)
