# RED AGENTS SEIZED
## 
### 
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
LONG BEACH. Nov. 12 (UP)—
Coast Guard Captain of the Port
Paul D. Ktonk disclosed today that
a group of "nationally known Com
munist agents ' was caught near a
ship loaded with a "highly secret
cargo."
Kronk said nine persons infiltrat
ed a heavy security guard on a
wharf at the Los Angeles - Long
Beach Harbor but were seized im
mediately.
