# Leopold Stokowski Will Visit Campus
## 
### 
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
Noted conductor Leopold Sto
kowski will be on campus Monday
to discuss music with interested
students and faculty.
He will speak at 8 p.m. in Bow
man Alumni House, and will be
introduced by Professor William
Crosten of the Music Department.
Stokowski's talk is under the aus
pices of the Stanford Symphony
Forum.
