# Bonfire Work Is Under Way
## 
### 
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
Fifteen telephone poles were
planted in the dry bed of Lake La
gunita yesterday, as the Class of
1957 began preliminary construction
work at the site of this year's Big
Game Bonfire. The bonfire, a tradi
tional freshman project, will burn
as part of the Big Game Rally next
Thursday night.

Preliminary goal of the frosh is
to put all details in order for the
"Big Push," which is scheduled to
start Wednesday noon, to build the
entire bonfire in a little more than
24 hours.

"All we need now Is a good big
turnout of firosh," construction
chairman Paul Bissinger said.
"We've got the equipment; all we
need is the men." Frosh arc needed
for wood pickup and construction
work right up to bonfire time, and
committee members hope that ev
ery freshman man will put in time
at the bonfire Wednesday night.

"That's the 'Big Push'; how 'big'
it is depends on the Class of '57,"
Bissinger said.

Frosh guards arc particularly
needed tomorrow afternoon during
and after the San Jose State game,
committee spokesmen said. Volun
teers to serve during that time
should show up at the lake as soon
after lunch as possible.
