# Co-Rec Distribute Activity Calendars
## 
### 
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
Activity calendars, containing in
formation about the events of the
w< ek, were distributed Wednesday
night ynd Thursday afternoon to
living groups and activity presi
dents by members of the Co-Recre
ational Committee. Paul Bissinger,
publicity chairman of the commit
tee, i in charge of this phase of
Co-Rec activity.
The calendars will be distributed
vt' kly. Any living group or club
pn ident who does not receive a
copy may contact. Bissinger at the
Theta Delt house, or Tom Hodges,
president, of Co-Rec, at tin- ATO
house.
