# John Sutter Wins In Moot Court
## 
### 
Basing their decision on the qual
ity of the brief submitted and the
oratorical skill displayed, the three
judges awarded John Sutter first
prize in the Moot Court competition
last night. The runner-up was Rich
ard Konig. The winners receive $100
and $50 respectively.
The case argued conccrned the
benefit rights of a university pro
fessor who was dismissed by the
university on the grounds of being
a Communist. John Sutter repre
sented the professor. Richard Konig
argued in favor of the university.
The two winning seniors will rep
resent Stanford next week in the
National Law School Compctitoin.
They will compete against Loyola
University. The winner of this meet
will then vie in a final round
against Hastings Law School.
