# Tennis Sign-Ups
## 
### 
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
A sign-up system for
recreation play has been
established at the Lagunita
tennis courts adjacent to the
women's gymnasium. The
sign-up sheet is posted daily
near the gate to courts 3 and
4 on the field side. Other
gates are locked to eliminate
cross traffic except between
these two courts.
Players are asked to sign
for desired court, then post
starting time when going on
the court. Play is limited to
one hour when others are
waiting. Current Stanford ID
card must be posted in slot
on the net post while playing.
During Summer Quarter,
the eight courts are reserved
for WPE classes from 9 a.m.
until 4:15 p.m., Monday
through Thursday.
