# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
Good Food
Reasonably Priced
OPEN DAILY EXCEPT
MONDAY
7 a.m. to 1 1 :30 p.m.
ON EIL'S
STANFORD BOWL
Next to Stanford Theater
An old Farm
tradition ...
Is that famous large,
smooth Peninsula
milkshake. We use
only pure grade A Pe
ninsula products.
PENINSULA
CREAMERY
167 Hamilton
