# PUEBLOS DEPOPULATE
## 
### 
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
In 1853 there were 28 occupied In
dian pueblos in New Mexico. This
number has decreased until now
there are only 18. Of this number
all date back to pre-Spanish times
except the Pueblo of Laguna, which
was established after the Spaniards
came.
