# Red Army Drives Into Orel Salient
## 
### 
LONDON. Tuesday. July 20. â€”
Driving against desperately resist
ing Germans the Red Army smashed
into the Orel salient for gains of
from 3% quarters to 6V4 miles Mon
day, their infantry attacks sweep
ing 130 fortified enemy towns and
villages, a Russian special commu
nique reported today.
Mamalo - Arkhangelsk, 40 miles
south-southeast of Orel on the Mos
cow-Kharhov railroad, fell to the
triumphant Russians on the south
side of the Orel salient along with
19 other inhabited places.
Forty towns and villages were
captured east of Orel, where the
Russians were reported within 12
miles of the city, and 70 were taken
north of Orel where they are ap
proaching the Orel-Bryansk rail
road.
