# INSTITUTE
## Stuart Hopes For Future 
### 
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
Dr. Graham Stuart, professor of
political science, was enthusiastic
about possibilities of a permanent
international relations committee on
Inter-American affairs similar to the
one held in San Francisco last Tues
day and Wednesday.
Dr. Stuart, chairman of the insti
tute, declared, "It was a very well
organized institute considering that
a war is going on. The sponsors were
so pleased with its success that they
seem ready to support another at
tempt.
"The vital thing," continued Dr.
Stuart, "in dealing with international
relations is to understand things go
ing on and make contacts with the
people interested in them." Dr.
Stuart, himself dealing with inter
national relations, asserted the in
terest was so strong that people were
standing to hear the speeches.
Particular attention was paid to
commerce of the Americas. Changes
resulting from transportation by air,
and the Pan-American Highway now
under construction will bring the
countries both culturally and eco
nomically closer together.
Dr. Jacob Greiger, San Francisco
director of the department of public
health, was heard to say that the
medical approach to the subject was
as good if not better than at any con
ference he had attended.
An excellent discussion ensued on
objectives and methods of cultural
relations. The San Francisco Mu
seum of Art held a special exhibit of
Latin American art to augment the
occasion.
Mrs. Maria Hoge was coordinator
of the institute to which many prom
inent figures came. John McClintock,
formerly of Stanford, and Mrs. Con
cha Romero James of South America
were two of the guests who traveled
from Washington.
