# Candidate Statements
## 
### 
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
(Editor's note: The Daily is
printing statements from the two
candidates for off-campus repre
sentative to Excom since they
have no opportunity to meet di
rectly with their constituents.)
