# Oarsmen place 3rd
## 
### 
Newport Beachâ€”Stanford's
crew team came in third in the
overall team standings behind
Orange Coast College and the
University of British Columbia
in this year's Western Sprint
Rowing Championships. The
varsity eight took fourth, the
junior varsity and freshmen took
third and the varsity four
finished fifth in their respective
events.
The Cards' varsity eight was
hurt most by the wind condi
tions. All season, they have had

trouble staying "clean" with a
tail wind, and Saturday proved
to be no different. After a rare
good start, the Cards found
themselves in the thick of the
race at the 500 meter mark, only
a few seats down from the lead
ing British Columbia boat. Yet
they couldn't find the power to
break into the lead while the
Cards, IJC-lrvine and Santa Bar
bara battled for second place.
, The varsity's time of 6:15.9
was good enough for fourth.
