# Lawyers Vie With Loyola
## 
### 
Student lawyers of Stanford and
Loyola law schools will compete in
the opening round of the National
Inter-Law School moot court com
petition tonight at 8 in the moot
court room of the Law School.
Stanford will be represented by
John Sutter and Richard Konig, the
winners of the moot court linals
here last week.
The hypothetical case to* be ar
gued is the same case argued last
week. It involves the right of a
university to discharge a professor
for refusing to testify before the
House Un - American Activities
Committee, and involves such issues
as academic freedom and the Fifth
Amendment privilege against self
incrimination.
The moot court will be judged by
three Palo Alto attorneys, presided
over by Chief Justice Colin M. Pe
ters. The winning team will com
pete again tomorrow night against
Hastings Law School on the same
case.
The school winning that contest
will vie in the finals with teams
from 1G districts in the United
States for a top prize of $500. The
finals will take place in New York
City in November.
