# Three Men Appeal Suspension Order
## 
### 
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
The appeal of three students sen
tenced to suspension from the Uni
versity last week will be heard be
fore a meeting of Men's Council at
3:15 this afternoon, according to Jim
Welch, secretary.
The students, found g'-'.ilty of vio
lating the Honor Code during the
Psychology 60 final examination last
quarter, were sentenced to suspen
sion for two quarters and failure in
the course.
