# Farmer New President Of Arts Association
## 
### 
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
Edward M. Farmer, Stanford pro
fessor of graphic art, was elected
president of the Western College
Arts Association at a conference
held at Pomona College last Satur
day.
In his acceptance address, Profes
sor Farmer described the reorgani
zation at Stanford which co-ordi
nats the Art Department. Museum,
and Art Gallery under the adminis
trative direction of Dr. Ray Faulk
ner.
