# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The work on the dome in the
museum is almost completed. New
glass has been putin for the pur
pose of lighting the vestibule.
—The work on the dome in the
museum is almost completed. New
glass has been putin for the pur
pose of lighting the vestibule.
—The work on the dome in the
museum is almost completed. New
glass has been putin for the pur
pose of lighting the vestibule.
—The work on the dome in the
museum is almost completed. New
glass has been putin for the pur
pose of lighting the vestibule.
—The work on the dome in the
museum is almost completed. New
glass has been putin for the pur
pose of lighting the vestibule.
—The work on the dome in the
museum is almost completed. New
glass has been putin for the pur
pose of lighting the vestibule.
—The work on the dome in the
museum is almost completed. New
glass has been putin for the pur
pose of lighting the vestibule.
