# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tomorrow evening an opportun
ity will be given University and
Palo Alto people to hear Berkeley's
famous farce, "James Wobberts,
Freshman." It has been enthus
iastically received wherever it has
been played and the newspapers
speak very highly of it. The San
Francisco Chronicle recently said:
"The farce is played as a farce
should be—with rapidity, distinct
ness, and apparently unconscious
humor. Very few companies are
capable of doing this." The Los
Angeles Times is the only paper
that bus given it unfavorable com
ments; and these were largely due
to pet s«111 a 1 reasons. The company
has had large houses wherever it
has played, and Stanford should
give it as warm and rousing a
reception as it has received else
where.
Tomorrow evening an opportun
ity will be given University and
Palo Alto people to hear Berkeley's
famous farce, "James Wobberts,
Freshman." It has been enthus
iastically received wherever it has
been played and the newspapers
speak very highly of it. The San
Francisco Chronicle recently said:
"The farce is played as a farce
should be—with rapidity, distinct
ness, and apparently unconscious
humor. Very few companies are
capable of doing this." The Los
Angeles Times is the only paper
that bus given it unfavorable com
ments; and these were largely due
to pet s«111 a 1 reasons. The company
has had large houses wherever it
has played, and Stanford should
give it as warm and rousing a
reception as it has received else
where.
Tomorrow evening an opportun
ity will be given University and
Palo Alto people to hear Berkeley's
famous farce, "James Wobberts,
Freshman." It has been enthus
iastically received wherever it has
been played and the newspapers
speak very highly of it. The San
Francisco Chronicle recently said:
"The farce is played as a farce
should be—with rapidity, distinct
ness, and apparently unconscious
humor. Very few companies are
capable of doing this." The Los
Angeles Times is the only paper
that bus given it unfavorable com
ments; and these were largely due
to pet s«111 a 1 reasons. The company
has had large houses wherever it
has played, and Stanford should
give it as warm and rousing a
reception as it has received else
where.
Tomorrow evening an opportun
ity will be given University and
Palo Alto people to hear Berkeley's
famous farce, "James Wobberts,
Freshman." It has been enthus
iastically received wherever it has
been played and the newspapers
speak very highly of it. The San
Francisco Chronicle recently said:
"The farce is played as a farce
should be—with rapidity, distinct
ness, and apparently unconscious
humor. Very few companies are
capable of doing this." The Los
Angeles Times is the only paper
that bus given it unfavorable com
ments; and these were largely due
to pet s«111 a 1 reasons. The company
has had large houses wherever it
has played, and Stanford should
give it as warm and rousing a
reception as it has received else
where.
Tomorrow evening an opportun
ity will be given University and
Palo Alto people to hear Berkeley's
famous farce, "James Wobberts,
Freshman." It has been enthus
iastically received wherever it has
been played and the newspapers
speak very highly of it. The San
Francisco Chronicle recently said:
"The farce is played as a farce
should be—with rapidity, distinct
ness, and apparently unconscious
humor. Very few companies are
capable of doing this." The Los
Angeles Times is the only paper
that bus given it unfavorable com
ments; and these were largely due
to pet s«111 a 1 reasons. The company
has had large houses wherever it
has played, and Stanford should
give it as warm and rousing a
reception as it has received else
where.
Tomorrow evening an opportun
ity will be given University and
Palo Alto people to hear Berkeley's
famous farce, "James Wobberts,
Freshman." It has been enthus
iastically received wherever it has
been played and the newspapers
speak very highly of it. The San
Francisco Chronicle recently said:
"The farce is played as a farce
should be—with rapidity, distinct
ness, and apparently unconscious
humor. Very few companies are
capable of doing this." The Los
Angeles Times is the only paper
that bus given it unfavorable com
ments; and these were largely due
to pet s«111 a 1 reasons. The company
has had large houses wherever it
has played, and Stanford should
give it as warm and rousing a
reception as it has received else
where.
Tomorrow evening an opportun
ity will be given University and
Palo Alto people to hear Berkeley's
famous farce, "James Wobberts,
Freshman." It has been enthus
iastically received wherever it has
been played and the newspapers
speak very highly of it. The San
Francisco Chronicle recently said:
"The farce is played as a farce
should be—with rapidity, distinct
ness, and apparently unconscious
humor. Very few companies are
capable of doing this." The Los
Angeles Times is the only paper
that bus given it unfavorable com
ments; and these were largely due
to pet s«111 a 1 reasons. The company
has had large houses wherever it
has played, and Stanford should
give it as warm and rousing a
reception as it has received else
where.
