# OFFICIAL "LOOKER"
## 
### 
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
Julie Bescos, U.S.C.'s versatile
Spanish athlete, is Coach Sam Bar
ry's official "looker." As "Barking
Joe" Kelley can't read the score
board due to a defect in his eye
sight, Bescos acts as his communi
cator.
