# French Come Through
## 
### 
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
Running counter to the narrow
nationalistic trend seen on many
fronts, Paris yesterday announced
French imports from U.S. for 1934's
first quarter will be increased 300
per cent. This restored all reduc
tions since last year and boosted
quota to that mark.
Apples, pears, pork, will be ex
cluded, having been taken care of in
recent wine agreement. Autos and
the flickers will reap most of bene
fits.
Anti-French feeling in U.S. should
now cool, hoped French officials.
