# TENNIS MEET
## 
### 
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
Important meeting of varsity and j
frosh tennis squads today at 5
o'clock, in Room 41 of the B.A.C. !
Building. Managers are also re- j
quested to attend.
