# Dramatic Council Meeting To Work on Constitution
## 
### 
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
Revision in the Constitution af
fecting dramatics may be the main
business for the Dramatic Council's
meeting this afternoon at 1 p'clock.
Tlie meeting will be held in the
Green Room. Dramatic's constitu
tional troubles as the subject of the
meeting was hinted at by officials of
the Dramatic Council. But officials
demanded, did not hint, that all
members be present.
