# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
PROGRAMMER, full time,
needed to expand and
maintain best-selling
program in genetic
engineering field. Must be
expert with PC and PASCAL
and able to work
independently; experience
with VAX or graphics a plus.
Competitive salary.
Send resume to:
• SciSoft, Inc.
44 Pearce Mitchell Place
Stanford, CA 94305
PROGRAMMER, full time,
needed to expand and
maintain best-selling
program in genetic
engineering field. Must be
expert with PC and PASCAL
and able to work
independently; experience
with VAX or graphics a plus.
Competitive salary.
Send resume to:
• SciSoft, Inc.
44 Pearce Mitchell Place
Stanford, CA 94305
PROGRAMMER, full time,
needed to expand and
maintain best-selling
program in genetic
engineering field. Must be
expert with PC and PASCAL
and able to work
independently; experience
with VAX or graphics a plus.
Competitive salary.
Send resume to:
• SciSoft, Inc.
44 Pearce Mitchell Place
Stanford, CA 94305
PROGRAMMER, full time,
needed to expand and
maintain best-selling
program in genetic
engineering field. Must be
expert with PC and PASCAL
and able to work
independently; experience
with VAX or graphics a plus.
Competitive salary.
Send resume to:
• SciSoft, Inc.
44 Pearce Mitchell Place
Stanford, CA 94305
PROGRAMMER, full time,
needed to expand and
maintain best-selling
program in genetic
engineering field. Must be
expert with PC and PASCAL
and able to work
independently; experience
with VAX or graphics a plus.
Competitive salary.
Send resume to:
• SciSoft, Inc.
44 Pearce Mitchell Place
Stanford, CA 94305
PROGRAMMER, full time,
needed to expand and
maintain best-selling
program in genetic
engineering field. Must be
expert with PC and PASCAL
and able to work
independently; experience
with VAX or graphics a plus.
Competitive salary.
Send resume to:
• SciSoft, Inc.
44 Pearce Mitchell Place
Stanford, CA 94305
PROGRAMMER, full time,
needed to expand and
maintain best-selling
program in genetic
engineering field. Must be
expert with PC and PASCAL
and able to work
independently; experience
with VAX or graphics a plus.
Competitive salary.
Send resume to:
• SciSoft, Inc.
44 Pearce Mitchell Place
Stanford, CA 94305
