# TASTY 'ZERO' TO TEMPT STANFORD APPETITES TODAY
## 
### 
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
Edible noughts are on the
menu today!
Fish out the nickels and
dimes, students, and answer •
the call! Those tempting prod
ucts, known under the name
of "doughnuts," will be of
fered on the campus this
morning in the every-so-ot'ten
sale sponsored by that femi
nine but journalistic society,
Theta Sigma Phi. "Doughnuts"
are round, doughy, cooked
objects, with the center omit
ted. it was explained to a
Daily reporter yesterday, and
are sold for only five cents
each.
Service stations will be lo
cated in front of the Library
and Women's Clubhouse, dis
pensing with the tasty pas
tries from S a.m. until noon.
"Save your appetites for be
tween-classes," advises Mary
Edith Jones, in charge of the
sale.
