# FOOTBALL NOT ISSUE OF MEET
## Presidents Will Discuss All Problems-Swain 
### 
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
Dismissing the rumor that th"
presidents of the Pacific Coast
Conference would discuss the abo
lition of intersectional football
as pure conjecture, Professor Rob
ert, E. Swain, acting-president of
the University, stated yesterday
afternoon that the sole purpose of
the meeting was for Ihe informal
discussion of such questions as any
member of the group might wish
to raise.
The meeting is for the purpose of
furthurtng understanding and har
mony among the ten universities
and colelagues that belong to (he
conference. It. was called by Presi
dent Lyle -Spencer of the Univer
sity of Washington, and will he
held in the CI if t Hotel in San
Francisco Saturday morning.
Representatives from Washington,
California, Stanford, University of
Southern California, Oregon State
College, Idaho, Montana, Univer
sity of Oregon, Washington State
College, and the University of Cali
fornia at Los Angeles will be pres
ent.
