# Rooters Ticket Sale Booth Opens Today
## 
### 
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
Students may obtain rooters'
tickets for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford and the Washington-Stanford
games at the B.A.C. today and to
morrow upon payment of 15 cents.
The ticket hooth will be open from
8:il0 to 5 on these two days. The
price for the Washington game
will be 14 cents.
Reserve seats arc on sale for
$1.65 at all public agencies. Non
reserved seats at $1.10 will go on
sale the day of the game at Kezar
Stadium.
