# Stanford Receives Donation of Bonds
## 
### 
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
In a plain envelope addressed to
"Ray Lyman Wilbur, Stanford Uni
versity," a mysterious gift of six
SI.OOO Series E war bonds was re
ceived by the University this week.
The envelope was postmarked
"Stanford University." "There are
a thousand places from which it
might have come, and we have a
thousand uses for it," Chancellor
Wilbur said.
