# RICHARDS FOR HARRIS?
## 
### 
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
It has been rumored that Clark
Griffith, President of the American
League Washington Senators, will
name Paul Richards, recently re
signed pilot of the Atlanta Crackers
of the Southern Association, to re
place Bucky Harris, former manager
of the Senators, who resigned just
recently. Griffith will make the an
nouncement after the World Series.
Loren LaPrade, Stanford guard,
wears contact lenses during football
games.
