# Chappie Issues Call For Writers, Ad Men
## 
### 
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
Chaparral, campus humor maga
zine, has through its editor, Don
Allen and business manager, Bruce
McClellan, issued a call for students
interested in working on the maga
zine.
Several fields of endeavor are
ivailable. Interested persons can find
work in writing, advertising selling,
layout work, and photography. Those
interested should contact either Al
len or McClellan at the Chappie of
fice this week.
