# Four Flyers Lost In Bomber Crash
## 
### 
LAKELAND, Fla., Sept. 28 (UP).
â€”An army bomber crashed and
burned near here today and the en
tire crew was believed to have per
ished, witnesses reported.
Persons who visited the scene of
the crash said wreckage was strewn
over an area of several hundred
yards.
Drane Field today announced the
names of four men dead or missing
and one injured when another bomb
er crashed into the Gulf of Mcxico
near Clearwater, Fla., yesterday.
Second Lieut. William T. Howell,
Petersburg, Va., is known to have
perished and the missing are: 2nd
Lieut. Leland D. Yerke.s Monroe,
Mich.; 2nd Lieut. Marvin J. Smith,
Sonora, Tex.; Sgt. Edward W. Smith,
Philadelphia, and Pvt. Philip Krei
sher, of Evanston, 111. Pvt. Charles
E. Stuart, of Tampa, Fla., was in
jured.
