# Fastest Mermain Enrolls at Farm
## 
### 
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
Hrenda Helser, one of the fast
est woman swimmers in the United
States, yesterday registered at
Stanford as a freshman. She was
a member of the winning 300-
yard medley relay team at this
year's A.A.U. meet in Wisconsin.
She teamed up with Nancy Merki
and Susan Zimmerman to win the
A.A.U. title.
