# TENNIS OUTLOOK IS BECOMING BRIGHTER
## 
### 
In spite of the fact that last week
end was well taken up by the biggest
athletic events of the year, the Stan
ford varsity tennis squad took ad
vantage of the good weather and
rounded off some of the rough edges
in its play. If rain does not interfere
with practice this week, Stanford
should send an aggregation to oppose
the California tennis men next Friday
that will cause considerable comment.
While everyone is not in top form
now, a week will develop a great
deal and if every man on the squad
shows the same old fighting spirit
during the rest of the week that he
has shown in the past, the outcome
will be questionable instead of an
overwhelming defeat handed to Stan
ford by the Californians, as is now
predicted by the Blue and Gold racket
wielders across the bay.
