# STANFORD ALUMNI WIRE PRAISE TO DR. WILBUR
## 
### 
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
That the Stanford graduates appre
ciate the work being done for the gov
ernment by President Wilbur is indi
cated in a telegram received Friday
from R. W. Everett, '03, representing
Stanford alumni high school princi
pals, meeting in Oakland. The tele
gram follows:
"We, the Stanford alumni high
school principals of California, wish
to express our appreciation for and
enthusiastic support of your great
work in assisting President Wilson
and in maintaining the traditions of
the University."
