# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
On April 27, the annual P. A. A.
meet will lie held on the California
oval.
