# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The work of the gymnasium
classes is being seriously impeded
because the apparatus has been
moved and not replaced and fas
tened down so that it can lie used.
Only class work with the clubs,
wands, dumb-bells, etc., can be
given. No apparatus work has been
possible, although the physical
training department has been very
anxious to begin it. The delay in
this purely business matter is inex
cusable.
The work of the gymnasium
classes is being seriously impeded
because the apparatus has been
moved and not replaced and fas
tened down so that it can lie used.
Only class work with the clubs,
wands, dumb-bells, etc., can be
given. No apparatus work has been
possible, although the physical
training department has been very
anxious to begin it. The delay in
this purely business matter is inex
cusable.
The work of the gymnasium
classes is being seriously impeded
because the apparatus has been
moved and not replaced and fas
tened down so that it can lie used.
Only class work with the clubs,
wands, dumb-bells, etc., can be
given. No apparatus work has been
possible, although the physical
training department has been very
anxious to begin it. The delay in
this purely business matter is inex
cusable.
The work of the gymnasium
classes is being seriously impeded
because the apparatus has been
moved and not replaced and fas
tened down so that it can lie used.
Only class work with the clubs,
wands, dumb-bells, etc., can be
given. No apparatus work has been
possible, although the physical
training department has been very
anxious to begin it. The delay in
this purely business matter is inex
cusable.
