# Another Unplanned Bonfire
## 
### 
Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

Encina Hall's interior burned Saturday night as
an unplanned bonfire lit the Stanford sky. Re
sponding at 10 p.m. to a radio call from police,
Stanford firemen found large piles of wood

blazing in a field near the Pavilion. The wood
was recently the interior of Emilia's center sec
tion but was torn out during remodeling. Cause
of the fire has not been determined.

