# $10,000 in Stocks Stolen from Prof
## 
### 
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
REDWOOD CITY (A 3 ) John E.
Arnold, Stanford University en
gineering professor, reported yes
terday the theft of $10,000 worth
of stock certificates from his
Woodside home.
Arnold told San Mateo Sheriff's
Inspector Rudolph Siems.sen the
non-negotiable stock shares in
United Gas Co. apparently were
taken from a strong box the night
of Nov. 17. Arnold and his fam
ily noted a screen door latch had
been bent while they were gone
about two hours that night.
He did not discover the certifi
cates were missing until he in
spected the strong box yesterday.
