# OLYMPIC DIVING COACH
## 
### 

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.

Stanford's water sports wizard who
is coaching the American Olympic
diving squad. Brandsten will take a
number of Cardinal mermen with him.
