# SENIORS ANNOUNCE TIME FOR GETTING TICKETS, PROGRAMS
## 
### 
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
The last meeting of the Sen
ior Class will be held Wednes
day evening at 7 o'clock in the
Assembly Hall. J. E. McDowell
will speak.
Senior Week programs may
be secured at the Bookstore be
ginning today. A few extra book
lets have been obtained. Any
senior not having ordered one
may get one as long as the ex
tras last.
Tickets to the Baccalaureate
Service and Commencement
Exercises must be obtained in
person in the lobby of the Ad
ministration Building on Friday.
Seat sale for the Senior Farce,
"One of the Family," will start
at 1 o'clock Thursday. The play
will be presentod Wednesday
night, June 13, in the Assembly
Hall.
