# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
Because of an error, Janet Briggs'
name waß omitted in Friday's paper
from the list of appointoeß to the
business staff of the Stanford Daily.
