# THE 						HIGH JUMP KING
## 
### 

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.

Ladies and Gentlemen! Above we
would like to present to your gaze
Bob King, 1928 intercollegiate high
jump champion, and a sure Olympic
Team member.
