# CHAPARRAL CUP FOR MOST FOOLISH FROSH GOES TO CROMWELL
## 
### 
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
Fred Cromwell, '31, has been de
clared winner of Hammer and Coffin
Society's competition for the most
valuable freshman contributor to
Chaparral. The trophy ia a silver lov
ing cup standing about ten inches
high; it is inscribed to "Stanford's
Most Foolish Freshman." Cromwell
was the most consistent contributor
to Chappie, his material having ap
peared in every issue since announce
ment of the contest in October. More
of Cromwell's copy was published
than that of any other competing
freshman, and it was considered by
the society as being generally fun
nier.
"Wo have discovered through the
contest excellent freshman material,
and the awarding of the trophy will
probably become a yearly tradition,
said Winston Norman, editor of
Chaparral.
Link Malmquiat, *29, has been ap
pointed art editor for next year's
Chappie by Jack Shoup, Incoming
editor.
