# Students Want Jobs With Highest Pay, Least Work
## 
### 
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
EVANSTON, 111., June 3.—(1.P.)—
The average college student Is look
ing for a job that pays the greatest
amount of money with the least
amount of work, according to Harry
Newton Clarke, nationally known vo
cational and Industrial adviser. Da
vis, who attended a three-day confer
ence at Northwestern University, un
der the auspices of the Y.M.C.A., to
advise university men in selecting
their vocation, said that less than
20 per cent of the students have a
definite goal in the matter of life
work.
