# TUESDAY PROGRAM TO BE 'LAZARUS LAUGHED' READ BY MRS. BROWN
## 
### 
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
"Lazarus Laughed," by Eugene O'-
Neil, will be read by Mrs. Hugh
Brown of Palo Alto as the regular
Tuesday evening program in the Lit
tle Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30
o'clock. Mrs. Brown is a well-known
reader of this vicinity, having ap
peared before many Palo Alto and
campus audiences.
The world premiere of "Lazarus
Laughed" was recently presented by
the Pasadena Community Players in
their Playhouse at Pasadena, and was
received exceptionally well by the
audiences. The reading of O'Neil's
play will require an hour and a half,
says Mrs. Brown.
