# HONOR
## 
### 
Words, lengthy and in profusion,
have been hurled at the present ab
sence of the honor system at Stan
ford—as though there ever had been
such a system universally in exist
ence here. The faculty didn't take
away the honor system; they inllfcted
system on some two thousand students
in order to reach those weak, plastic
souls whose aim was to do college as
they had always done everything else,
—by slipping through.
Since the recent faculty legislation,
several departmental meetings have
been called and students have been
given an opportunity to look the real
honor system in the face. Evidently
they had never met it before. The
responsibility attached thereto scared
them and they retreated. Military
drill anticipates the honor system.
Universities like Princeton would rise
in horror at the suggestion of its dis
continuance, but Stanford men and
women will not urge its acceptance,—
not because they would cheat, but
their friends might, and such circum
stances would prove embarassing. Is
it the tradition of noble ancestry that
Stanford lacks, and if so, arc we mak
ing any for the future generations?
