# Russell Wilson to Coach Baseball And Basketball Here This Season
## 
### 
Russell T. Wilson, athletic coach at
Whittier College, will coach basket
ball and baseball at Stanford during
the coming season, according to for
mal acceptance received by E. C. Beli
rens, Saturday.
Wilson is a graduate of Earlham
College, Richmond, Ind., where he
was an all around athlete. While
there he studied under Professor M.
S. Wildman of the Department of Eco
nomics.

Complete arrangements have been
made to send the basketball team
south during the Christmas vacation.
The schedule of games includes five
southern teams, as follows: Orange
Athletic Club, U. S. C., Long Beach
Y. M. C. A., Whittier College and L.
A. A. C. The varsity seven will leave
the campus immediately after the ex.
week and will spend the entire va
cation in the south.
