# Adv. 25 Page 11
## 
### 
A PuWr Set<nct al fhi\ MR
new%papÂ«t A Thr Advertmnq Count-' B*J
Bennie, an army veteran
with a service disability,
has his life complicated
further by multiple
sclerosis. He and his wife
were without money,
friends, job prospects. We
helped him, over many
months, to get his full VA
benefits. And now, when
he needs us, we make
home visits.
There's nothing very
unusual about this Red
Cross story.
It's the kind of job we do
every day. Which is why we
need your support more
than ever. Help us. Be
cause the things we do
really help. In your own
neighboitiood. And
across America. And the
world.
Bennie
Ward
counted
onus.
Wfe're
counting on
you.
Red Crou The Good Neighbor.
