# Air Mail
## 
### 
Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

Letters from home kept some
freshmen up in the air all year,
but most soon adopted Snoopy's
motto: "A watched supper dish
never fills." Sigh.
Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard

