# Wilbur-mess
## 
### 
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
Fart of the "maturing process"
is learning to appreciate fine
literature and liquid refresh

ments. Epicurean taste* are fos
tered by such luxurious sur
roundings as this Wilbur room,
complete with Playlmy magazine
and (could it be?) keg.


Daily photo by E. Bruce Howard
