# Encina Election Thursday Evening.
## 
### 
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
The nomination an J election of ofi
cers of Encina Club for the semester
will l>e held in the clubroom Thurs
day evening. The officers to be elect
ed are a president, two members of
the Board of Directors from each
class and three members of the House
Committee from the present Junior
Class.
