# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
Class rushes will probably be abol
ished by the University of Illinois.
Recent deaths from these affairs is
partly the cause.
