# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
Special!
STANFORD
STUDY SHIRTS
Stanford is embroidered on
the yoke of a cotton jersey
T-shirt
red on white
or
white on red
FOR ONLY $2.50
and what's more they arc
washable!
*
LUNDIN-
McBRIDE
150 University Avenue
