# Meetings
## ORCHESIS 
### 
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
Orehosis members will meet at 7
p.m. in the dance studio to begin
i ehc-arsal.
