# ALPHA CHI SIGMA
## 
### 
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
Alpha Chi Sigma holds its last
meeting of the quarter at 3 p.m. to
day in Room 3, Chemistry Building.
