# Official Notices
## VARSITY RIFLE TEAM 
### 
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
The varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire on the ROTC rifle
range this week.
