# QUAD BUSINESS STAFF
## 
### 
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
Members will meet in front of the
Quad shack at 3:30 p.m. for Quad
pictures.
