# Stagers To Read Anderson Drama
## 
### 
"Second Overture," a play by
Maxwell Anderson, will be pre
sented by Stagers next Friday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Little Theater,
as the second of a series of three
one-act readings.
Anderson, who received his M.A.
degree here in 1914 and also acted
as instructor in the English depart
ment, was a student of Dr. Margery
Bailey. He also worked on the San
Francisco Chronicle and the Bulle
tin until 1918.
Since then he has written "High
Tor," "What Price Glory," and
"Winterset." Only recently he turn
ed to writing one-act plays adapted
for radio, of which "Second Over
ture" is one.
Anderson has done much of his
best work in blank verse. "Second
Overture" is partly in blank verse
and in the speeches. Programs will
sell for 15 cents at the door.
