# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
Summer LASSU
Signups Available
Applicants for the office of
Summer Student Body Presi
dent and Representatives to
LASSU may now siffii up at
the ASSU office.
