# Tressider Board To Be Selected
## 
### 
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
Sign-up lists for the Tresidder
Memorial Union Board will be
posted today through Friday on
the bulletin board outside the
ASSU office.
Interviews will begin Monday.
