# LEVEE CRUMBLING
## 
### 
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
BILOXI, Miss., May 19. (,/P) —Gover-
nor Theo Bilbo tonight ordered 300
convicts from the Parcliman prison
farm to proceed to Mound's Landing,
18 miles north of Greenville, Miss.,
where the levee was reported crum
bling, and further requested the ad
jutant general to have troops ready
to move into that territory if neces
sary.
