# MAN O' WAR'S SON WINS KENTUCKY DERBY
## 
### 

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.

Clyde Van Dusen, three-year-old gelding, splashed through the mud at
Churchill Downs Saturday to win the fifty-fifth Kentucky Derby two lengths
ahead of Naishapur, Far Western choice.
