# MAY GOVERN ISLANDS
## 
### 

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.

Dwight F. Davis, who has been of
fered the post of Governor-General of
the Philippines by President Hoover.
He is considering the position.
