# Band Provides Last Dance of Semester
## 
### 
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
A committee of band men has been
organized (o sell tickets for the band j
dance, which has now been definitely !
set for April 29, the last date before
vacation on which a dance may be
given. Tickets, as usual, will be $1.00,
and the programs will be at the Book
store on April 21. New music will
feature the last dance of the band this
semester. The program will be an- |
nounced Tuesday.
