# A.W. Ambrose, '13, Weds
## 
### 
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
Arthur W. ("Pete") Ambrose, '13,
was married on Sunday, April I), to
Alma Clappe Lock, of Lockford, Cali
fornia. Ambrose was prominent in
student affairs while in college, and
served for a year as student advisor,
following his graduation. lie was
president of the Associated Student
Hody in his senior year, and belonged
to Quadrangle Club and Skull and
Snakes. He was a member of Encina
Club.
