# Representative
## 
### 

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.

PROFESSOR William B. Owens
(above) of the School of Law
will succeed Dr. Joseph C.
Ilinsey as Stanford faculty rep
resentative on the Pacific Coast
Conference.
