# THETA DELT PLEDGES
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Ed Minium, '38.
