# The 						Farm Looks On
## From Associated Press 
### 
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
British troops were called out yes
terday and citizens were forbidden
to walk the streets at night in an
effort to quell an Arab eivil dis
obedience and general strike. See
j)age 1, col. 3.
Eluding his nurse, a former San
Francisco postal employee climbed
over the balustrade of Franklin
Hospital in a suicide plunge yes
terday afternoon.
The Townsend caravan, which left
L.A. 13 days ago with three truck
loads of petitions, reached the
capital yesterday.
Bolivian Army officers yesterday
forced the resignation of President
Jose Luis Tejada Sorzano. A junta
composed of officers and civilians
then took over the government
Six lepers are loose in the Philip
pine Islands, having escaped from
their colony at Culion Island, kill
ing seven.
Peninsula cities are protesting a new
telephone rate schedule filed by
the Pacific Telephone and Tele
graph Company on the grounds
that while it brings great advan
tages to San Francisco and Oak
land, it is discriminatory against
the Peninsula.
