# FRESHMEN AID FUND
## 
### 
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
Freshmen at the University of Idaho
have voted to turn over money remain
ing at the end of the school year to
'■die memorial association for use in
the construction of their new gymna
sium. Approximately $5250 will be left.
