# U.C. STUDENT HEAD WILL VISIT STANFORD BEFORE BIG GAMES
## 
### 
Robert E. McCarty, president of the
Associated Students at the University
of California, lias been authorized by
their executive committee to accept
the invitation of the Stanford Execu
tive Committee to have the student
president of each college speak at the
other institution before the Big Game.
The object is to maintain a feeling of
friendliness and co-operation between
the two universities. This was divulged
in a letter received yesterday by Stan
ley Weigel, president of the A.S.S.U.
Stanford will now hear both the
California and U.S.C. student presi
dents, as a similar agreement is in ef
fect with U.S.C. The plan was the
idea of Dee Tallman of the Southern
university, who spoke at a Stanford
assembly this year. Weigel had pre
viously spoken at U.S.C.
