# McGill Group Advocates Suppression of Dancing
## 
### 
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
"Cigarette smoking, beer drinking,
and hand holding during lectures" are
condemned by a Society for the Sup
pression of Vice recently organized at
McGill University. The society sug
gests that all future dances at the
university should be cancelled because
"modern dancing is lewd, lascivious,
indecent, and obscene; and, in conse
quence, all dances should be wiped
out."
