# FRATERNITIES ALLOWED
## 
### 
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
Greek letter fraternities are now al
lowed in South Carolina by the passing
of a bill repealing the old law, passed
in 1597, prohibiting fraternities in the
institutions of higher learning which
received state aid.
