# PRISONERS' RELEASE SOUGHT BY STUDENTS
## 
### 
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 1. —
(I.P.) —Over two hundred of the three
hundred members of the graduating
class of the Harvard Law School have
signed a petition to Governor Fuller,
of Massachusetts, asking for executive
clemency for Nicola Sacco and Bar
tolomeo Vanzetti, sentenced to death
after seven years of trial and retrial
for killing a paymaster and his guard.
College and university students
throughout New England have been
showering the governor with similar
petitions.
