# U.C. PROFESSOR TO SPEAK ON EUGENICS IN TALK TOMORROW
## 
### 
"Eugenics and Civilization" is the
topic of a lecture which Doctor S. J.
Holmes of the University of California
will give at 7:30 o'clock tomorrow
night in the Little Theatre. Holmes,
who has made a special study of the
eugenics problem, is professor of
zoology ai the State University.
He look his A.B. defree at the Uni
versity of California and later his
Ph.D. at the University of Chicago,
and before taking up his present work
he taught at the University of Wiscon
sin.
Holmes is the author of several
books, including "The Evolution of
Animal Intelligence," "The Trend of
the Race," "Studies in Evolution and
Eugenics," and "Studies in Animal
Behavior." Ilis most recent book,
which was published last year, is
"Life and Evolution."
