# Correction
## 
### 
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
An article in yesterday's Daily
misspelled the name of Diane
Fields Geocaris and failed to
identify her as a member of the
Board of Trustees and a Stanford
alumna.

In addition, the article incor
rectly spelled the name of
Elizabeth Hiyama, director of
administration for Residential
Education. '
The Daily regrets the errors.
