# New Amateur Strength Record.
## 
### 
Charleß A. Carver, who while a
student in Yale in 1 V>oo made the
world's amateur strength record of
2871.2 kilograms, established a new
record of 2788.4 kilograms at the
University of Chicago, Saturday.
Charleß A. Carver, who while a
student in Yale in 1 V>oo made the
world's amateur strength record of
2871.2 kilograms, established a new
record of 2788.4 kilograms at the
University of Chicago, Saturday.
Charleß A. Carver, who while a
student in Yale in 1 V>oo made the
world's amateur strength record of
2871.2 kilograms, established a new
record of 2788.4 kilograms at the
University of Chicago, Saturday.
Charleß A. Carver, who while a
student in Yale in 1 V>oo made the
world's amateur strength record of
2871.2 kilograms, established a new
record of 2788.4 kilograms at the
University of Chicago, Saturday.
Charleß A. Carver, who while a
student in Yale in 1 V>oo made the
world's amateur strength record of
2871.2 kilograms, established a new
record of 2788.4 kilograms at the
University of Chicago, Saturday.
Charleß A. Carver, who while a
student in Yale in 1 V>oo made the
world's amateur strength record of
2871.2 kilograms, established a new
record of 2788.4 kilograms at the
University of Chicago, Saturday.
Charleß A. Carver, who while a
student in Yale in 1 V>oo made the
world's amateur strength record of
2871.2 kilograms, established a new
record of 2788.4 kilograms at the
University of Chicago, Saturday.
