# Mr. Storey's Ergograph.
## 
### 
The March issue of the American
Journal of Physiology contains a
short description of an ergograph
for the index finger, devised by
gymnasium instructor T. A.Storey.
This description is based on a pre
sentation of the machine made by
Dr. Warren B. Lombard, of the
University of Michigan, before the
American Bhysiological Society in
Chicago last December. A model
of the ergograph has been in use in
Encina gymnasium during the last
year and a half.
The March issue of the American
Journal of Physiology contains a
short description of an ergograph
for the index finger, devised by
gymnasium instructor T. A.Storey.
This description is based on a pre
sentation of the machine made by
Dr. Warren B. Lombard, of the
University of Michigan, before the
American Bhysiological Society in
Chicago last December. A model
of the ergograph has been in use in
Encina gymnasium during the last
year and a half.
The March issue of the American
Journal of Physiology contains a
short description of an ergograph
for the index finger, devised by
gymnasium instructor T. A.Storey.
This description is based on a pre
sentation of the machine made by
Dr. Warren B. Lombard, of the
University of Michigan, before the
American Bhysiological Society in
Chicago last December. A model
of the ergograph has been in use in
Encina gymnasium during the last
year and a half.
The March issue of the American
Journal of Physiology contains a
short description of an ergograph
for the index finger, devised by
gymnasium instructor T. A.Storey.
This description is based on a pre
sentation of the machine made by
Dr. Warren B. Lombard, of the
University of Michigan, before the
American Bhysiological Society in
Chicago last December. A model
of the ergograph has been in use in
Encina gymnasium during the last
year and a half.
The March issue of the American
Journal of Physiology contains a
short description of an ergograph
for the index finger, devised by
gymnasium instructor T. A.Storey.
This description is based on a pre
sentation of the machine made by
Dr. Warren B. Lombard, of the
University of Michigan, before the
American Bhysiological Society in
Chicago last December. A model
of the ergograph has been in use in
Encina gymnasium during the last
year and a half.
The March issue of the American
Journal of Physiology contains a
short description of an ergograph
for the index finger, devised by
gymnasium instructor T. A.Storey.
This description is based on a pre
sentation of the machine made by
Dr. Warren B. Lombard, of the
University of Michigan, before the
American Bhysiological Society in
Chicago last December. A model
of the ergograph has been in use in
Encina gymnasium during the last
year and a half.
The March issue of the American
Journal of Physiology contains a
short description of an ergograph
for the index finger, devised by
gymnasium instructor T. A.Storey.
This description is based on a pre
sentation of the machine made by
Dr. Warren B. Lombard, of the
University of Michigan, before the
American Bhysiological Society in
Chicago last December. A model
of the ergograph has been in use in
Encina gymnasium during the last
year and a half.
