# Weather
## 
### 
Flipping out
Men's gymnastics captures
second at Cardinal Open
Sports, page 7

another sweep
Men's and women's basket
ball beat Washington State.
Sports, oaae 7

Today: Partly cloudy. Go
for a splash in the Claw.
Hi: 60 Low: 46



Flipping out
Men's gymnastics captures
second at Cardinal Open
Sports, page 7

another sweep
Men's and women's basket
ball beat Washington State.
Sports, oaae 7

Today: Partly cloudy. Go
for a splash in the Claw.
Hi: 60 Low: 46



Flipping out
Men's gymnastics captures
second at Cardinal Open
Sports, page 7

another sweep
Men's and women's basket
ball beat Washington State.
Sports, oaae 7

Today: Partly cloudy. Go
for a splash in the Claw.
Hi: 60 Low: 46



Flipping out
Men's gymnastics captures
second at Cardinal Open
Sports, page 7

another sweep
Men's and women's basket
ball beat Washington State.
Sports, oaae 7

Today: Partly cloudy. Go
for a splash in the Claw.
Hi: 60 Low: 46



Flipping out
Men's gymnastics captures
second at Cardinal Open
Sports, page 7

another sweep
Men's and women's basket
ball beat Washington State.
Sports, oaae 7

Today: Partly cloudy. Go
for a splash in the Claw.
Hi: 60 Low: 46



Flipping out
Men's gymnastics captures
second at Cardinal Open
Sports, page 7

another sweep
Men's and women's basket
ball beat Washington State.
Sports, oaae 7

Today: Partly cloudy. Go
for a splash in the Claw.
Hi: 60 Low: 46



