# Seabiscuit to Give Exhibition Run
## 
### 
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
TANFOKAN RACETRACK, Nov.
20 (UP). —Seabiscuit, second rank
ing money winner of all time, re
turns to the racetrack next Satur
day for a mile public workout be
tween races.
The six-year-old star of the C. S.
Howard stable, retired last spring
after he ruptured a suspensory liga
ment in his leg, has been brought
back to racing trim and Saturday
will mark his first, appearance.
