# CINEMA STRIKE TEMPORARILY HALTED
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
HOLLYWOOD, Nov. 20 (UP).—A
threatened strike of motion picture
workers was averted temporarily
tonight when negotiations between
A. P'. of L. union leaders and film
producers was postponed until
Friday.
The producers and union repre
sentatives emerged from a three and
one-half hour conference with a
formal statement but no solution of
Ihe tense strike at mosphere caused
by demands for a 10 per cent wage
increase.
