# BABY CLINIC
## 
### 
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
A bi-weekly baby clinic for chil
dren under the age of two years
was conducted at Stanford Vil
lage in 1947.
