# 'I' Center to Offer French Program
## 
### 
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
France will be the featured
country at the weekly Interna- >
tional Center open house tomor
row at 8 p.m.
Films of Paris, the Alps and j
the Riviera, narrated in French j
with English subtitles, will be
shown by Birgit Brock-lit ne and
Michel Barret. A French atmos
phere will he featured, and music
with a French flavor will invite
guests to dance.
Each week the"I" Center holds
an open house featuring a differ
ent foreign country, and foreign
students from that particular
country are invited to help plan
their evening and host the open
house.
