# Ruggers Face OC
## 
### 
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
Stanford and the Olympic Club
will each be trying to get a win
instead of a tie tomorrow at 2:30
p.m., when the two rugby teams
meet on the Indian rugby field.
The clubs played to a 6-6 dead
lock in their only previous meet
ing of ihe year.. Stanford will
also be trying to keep its unbeat
en skein alive.
