# Getting It Straight
## 
### 
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
Question* may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not We aigned, but
must concern Univeraity or atudent
affair*.
