# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
After attending the Stanford organ
recitals in the Memorial Church for
four consecutive months, our musical
ear has been dulled and our patience
exhausted by the technical ecclesias
tical music so unceasingly presented.
We wonder whether Professor Allen
uses his recital periods as opportuni
ties to practice his scales or whether
he is lost in the maze of fugues,
grounds, and other intricate musical
figures of interest only to profession
als. We feel the versatility of our
splendid organ has never been ade
quately demonstrated by Professor
Allen's choice of compositions.
We should enter a plea for a varied
and more humanisti cprogram. We
should enjoy hearing, interspersed
with the mighty theological opera of
Bach, et cetera, a few of the charm
ing melodies which are dear to the
hearts of everyone. Between the sopo
rific "Passacaille" by Zdenko Fibich
and the "Die Meistersinger" by Wag
ner we should appreciate Nevin's
"Rosary" or the lilting "Barcarolle."
When we heard that enchanting spiri
tual "Deep River" and Dvorak's stir
ring "Largo" we thought a better day
had dawned for Stanford music
lovers, but our hopes were dispelled
by the arithmetical musical tastes of
our technician at the console.
Recently we spent a delightful half
hour in the Palace of the Legion of
Honor listening to the supreme organ
taste of Mr. Uda Waldrop, as demon
strated by his program. We are sure
that a more popular repertoire of or
gan music in the Memorial Church
would occasion the approbation of
everyone.
Sincerely yours,
STURGIS RIDDLE.
JOHN M. COOPER.
