# MILLER LOSING FIGHT TO ESCAPE CONVICTION IN CONSPIRACY CASE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— (U.P.)— Col.
Thomas W. Miller, Alien Property
Custodian in the Harding Administra
tion, today lost another round in his
battle to avoid the federal peniten
tiary.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals unanimously affirmed his
conviction on a charge of conspiracy
to defraud the Government of hi 3
"unbiased and unprejudiced services"
in connection with the transfer to
Swiss claimants of American Metal
Company assets valued at $7,000,000,
and seized in war time as of German
ownership.
Miller was found guilty almost a
year ago and sentenced to serve 18
months at Atlanta. He also was lined
$5,000.
