# Layout Editors' Note
## 
### KELSEY MESHER INTERMISSION LAYOUT EX-EDITOR 
It's Spring. It's that time of year.
The time of year when those damn
caterpillars wiggle their way into
every corner of campus. Greek life
begins to prey on the freshmen
meat market, and layout editors
start getting antsy. And by antsy I
mean they start quitting. And by
they 1 mean me! Yes. sadly it's my
last night slaving away in front of
the computer screen, manipulating
images I found on Google in the
dark corner of The Daily that hous
es Intermission. Yes. I am finally
breaking free from the endless nag
ging of Brendan and Betsy. Starting
tomorrow I will be liberated from
criticism and cynicism of said tyran
nical editors! It will be a new day
and 1 will walk weightless and
fancy-free, onward to new and
fruitful ventures. Windows of op
portunity are calling my name —
perhaps I will even drop by a
screening at the Japanese Film Fes
tival (featured in our three-page
spread). Yes it's Spring. And while
I am bidding adieu to Intermission
(sorry to leave you in the dust,
Nat!), that doesn't mean you have
to.
It's Spring. It's that time of year.
The time of year when those damn
caterpillars wiggle their way into
every corner of campus. Greek life
begins to prey on the freshmen
meat market, and layout editors
start getting antsy. And by antsy I
mean they start quitting. And by
they 1 mean me! Yes. sadly it's my
last night slaving away in front of
the computer screen, manipulating
images I found on Google in the
dark corner of The Daily that hous
es Intermission. Yes. I am finally
breaking free from the endless nag
ging of Brendan and Betsy. Starting
tomorrow I will be liberated from
criticism and cynicism of said tyran
nical editors! It will be a new day
and 1 will walk weightless and
fancy-free, onward to new and
fruitful ventures. Windows of op
portunity are calling my name —
perhaps I will even drop by a
screening at the Japanese Film Fes
tival (featured in our three-page
spread). Yes it's Spring. And while
I am bidding adieu to Intermission
(sorry to leave you in the dust,
Nat!), that doesn't mean you have
to.
It's Spring. It's that time of year.
The time of year when those damn
caterpillars wiggle their way into
every corner of campus. Greek life
begins to prey on the freshmen
meat market, and layout editors
start getting antsy. And by antsy I
mean they start quitting. And by
they 1 mean me! Yes. sadly it's my
last night slaving away in front of
the computer screen, manipulating
images I found on Google in the
dark corner of The Daily that hous
es Intermission. Yes. I am finally
breaking free from the endless nag
ging of Brendan and Betsy. Starting
tomorrow I will be liberated from
criticism and cynicism of said tyran
nical editors! It will be a new day
and 1 will walk weightless and
fancy-free, onward to new and
fruitful ventures. Windows of op
portunity are calling my name —
perhaps I will even drop by a
screening at the Japanese Film Fes
tival (featured in our three-page
spread). Yes it's Spring. And while
I am bidding adieu to Intermission
(sorry to leave you in the dust,
Nat!), that doesn't mean you have
to.
It's Spring. It's that time of year.
The time of year when those damn
caterpillars wiggle their way into
every corner of campus. Greek life
begins to prey on the freshmen
meat market, and layout editors
start getting antsy. And by antsy I
mean they start quitting. And by
they 1 mean me! Yes. sadly it's my
last night slaving away in front of
the computer screen, manipulating
images I found on Google in the
dark corner of The Daily that hous
es Intermission. Yes. I am finally
breaking free from the endless nag
ging of Brendan and Betsy. Starting
tomorrow I will be liberated from
criticism and cynicism of said tyran
nical editors! It will be a new day
and 1 will walk weightless and
fancy-free, onward to new and
fruitful ventures. Windows of op
portunity are calling my name —
perhaps I will even drop by a
screening at the Japanese Film Fes
tival (featured in our three-page
spread). Yes it's Spring. And while
I am bidding adieu to Intermission
(sorry to leave you in the dust,
Nat!), that doesn't mean you have
to.
It's Spring. It's that time of year.
The time of year when those damn
caterpillars wiggle their way into
every corner of campus. Greek life
begins to prey on the freshmen
meat market, and layout editors
start getting antsy. And by antsy I
mean they start quitting. And by
they 1 mean me! Yes. sadly it's my
last night slaving away in front of
the computer screen, manipulating
images I found on Google in the
dark corner of The Daily that hous
es Intermission. Yes. I am finally
breaking free from the endless nag
ging of Brendan and Betsy. Starting
tomorrow I will be liberated from
criticism and cynicism of said tyran
nical editors! It will be a new day
and 1 will walk weightless and
fancy-free, onward to new and
fruitful ventures. Windows of op
portunity are calling my name —
perhaps I will even drop by a
screening at the Japanese Film Fes
tival (featured in our three-page
spread). Yes it's Spring. And while
I am bidding adieu to Intermission
(sorry to leave you in the dust,
Nat!), that doesn't mean you have
to.
It's Spring. It's that time of year.
The time of year when those damn
caterpillars wiggle their way into
every corner of campus. Greek life
begins to prey on the freshmen
meat market, and layout editors
start getting antsy. And by antsy I
mean they start quitting. And by
they 1 mean me! Yes. sadly it's my
last night slaving away in front of
the computer screen, manipulating
images I found on Google in the
dark corner of The Daily that hous
es Intermission. Yes. I am finally
breaking free from the endless nag
ging of Brendan and Betsy. Starting
tomorrow I will be liberated from
criticism and cynicism of said tyran
nical editors! It will be a new day
and 1 will walk weightless and
fancy-free, onward to new and
fruitful ventures. Windows of op
portunity are calling my name —
perhaps I will even drop by a
screening at the Japanese Film Fes
tival (featured in our three-page
spread). Yes it's Spring. And while
I am bidding adieu to Intermission
(sorry to leave you in the dust,
Nat!), that doesn't mean you have
to.
