# Democratic Rally.
## 
### 
The Stanford part of the Inter
eollcgia te Democratic rally at Met
ropolitan Hall I ant Saturday night
was a success.
S. I'. Elias. president of the Stan
ford Maguire Club, acted as chair
man of the meeting, ili - reference
to our efforts toward exempting the
University froiu taxation was vig
orously applauded by the audience.
Carl Havden, '00, was the first
Stanford speaker and delivered a
thoughtful speech. He spoke of
the freedom and liberality of our
University and also mentioned ex
emption from taxation.
Anthony Suzzallo, '99, made the
best speech of the evening and was
given quite an ovation at the end.
James Ferguson, '99, delivered an
ahlc address and maintained his
reputation as an intercollegiate de
bater. The Stanford Maguire quar
tet, consisting of Drake, '99, Field,
'01. Maxwell, '99, and Forsvthe,
'99, sang some catchy campaign
songs and were repeatedlv encored.
.!. A. Bently, '01, and C. B. Gil
lespi,'ol, constituted the Stanford
committee of arrangements.
Following is the plea made by
Mr. Elias for the exemption of Stan
ford University from taxation:
"The students, the alumni, and
the friends of Stanford are engaged
in a movement. California stands
alone among the States in taxing
such an educational institution as
Stanford is. where higher education
is free to all. In the East such
seats of learning are not only ex
empt, hut the states have dupli
cated the endowment of the bene
factor. 1 feel that the pride and
love of higher learning among our
people would have exempted our
university if it had existed when
the constitution was adopted. We
want the burden lifted only from
property actually used for educa
tional purposes and we appeal to
the intelligence of the people to
stand bv us "
The Stanford part of the Inter
eollcgia te Democratic rally at Met
ropolitan Hall I ant Saturday night
was a success.
S. I'. Elias. president of the Stan
ford Maguire Club, acted as chair
man of the meeting, ili - reference
to our efforts toward exempting the
University froiu taxation was vig
orously applauded by the audience.
Carl Havden, '00, was the first
Stanford speaker and delivered a
thoughtful speech. He spoke of
the freedom and liberality of our
University and also mentioned ex
emption from taxation.
Anthony Suzzallo, '99, made the
best speech of the evening and was
given quite an ovation at the end.
James Ferguson, '99, delivered an
ahlc address and maintained his
reputation as an intercollegiate de
bater. The Stanford Maguire quar
tet, consisting of Drake, '99, Field,
'01. Maxwell, '99, and Forsvthe,
'99, sang some catchy campaign
songs and were repeatedlv encored.
.!. A. Bently, '01, and C. B. Gil
lespi,'ol, constituted the Stanford
committee of arrangements.
Following is the plea made by
Mr. Elias for the exemption of Stan
ford University from taxation:
"The students, the alumni, and
the friends of Stanford are engaged
in a movement. California stands
alone among the States in taxing
such an educational institution as
Stanford is. where higher education
is free to all. In the East such
seats of learning are not only ex
empt, hut the states have dupli
cated the endowment of the bene
factor. 1 feel that the pride and
love of higher learning among our
people would have exempted our
university if it had existed when
the constitution was adopted. We
want the burden lifted only from
property actually used for educa
tional purposes and we appeal to
the intelligence of the people to
stand bv us "
The Stanford part of the Inter
eollcgia te Democratic rally at Met
ropolitan Hall I ant Saturday night
was a success.
S. I'. Elias. president of the Stan
ford Maguire Club, acted as chair
man of the meeting, ili - reference
to our efforts toward exempting the
University froiu taxation was vig
orously applauded by the audience.
Carl Havden, '00, was the first
Stanford speaker and delivered a
thoughtful speech. He spoke of
the freedom and liberality of our
University and also mentioned ex
emption from taxation.
Anthony Suzzallo, '99, made the
best speech of the evening and was
given quite an ovation at the end.
James Ferguson, '99, delivered an
ahlc address and maintained his
reputation as an intercollegiate de
bater. The Stanford Maguire quar
tet, consisting of Drake, '99, Field,
'01. Maxwell, '99, and Forsvthe,
'99, sang some catchy campaign
songs and were repeatedlv encored.
.!. A. Bently, '01, and C. B. Gil
lespi,'ol, constituted the Stanford
committee of arrangements.
Following is the plea made by
Mr. Elias for the exemption of Stan
ford University from taxation:
"The students, the alumni, and
the friends of Stanford are engaged
in a movement. California stands
alone among the States in taxing
such an educational institution as
Stanford is. where higher education
is free to all. In the East such
seats of learning are not only ex
empt, hut the states have dupli
cated the endowment of the bene
factor. 1 feel that the pride and
love of higher learning among our
people would have exempted our
university if it had existed when
the constitution was adopted. We
want the burden lifted only from
property actually used for educa
tional purposes and we appeal to
the intelligence of the people to
stand bv us "
The Stanford part of the Inter
eollcgia te Democratic rally at Met
ropolitan Hall I ant Saturday night
was a success.
S. I'. Elias. president of the Stan
ford Maguire Club, acted as chair
man of the meeting, ili - reference
to our efforts toward exempting the
University froiu taxation was vig
orously applauded by the audience.
Carl Havden, '00, was the first
Stanford speaker and delivered a
thoughtful speech. He spoke of
the freedom and liberality of our
University and also mentioned ex
emption from taxation.
Anthony Suzzallo, '99, made the
best speech of the evening and was
given quite an ovation at the end.
James Ferguson, '99, delivered an
ahlc address and maintained his
reputation as an intercollegiate de
bater. The Stanford Maguire quar
tet, consisting of Drake, '99, Field,
'01. Maxwell, '99, and Forsvthe,
'99, sang some catchy campaign
songs and were repeatedlv encored.
.!. A. Bently, '01, and C. B. Gil
lespi,'ol, constituted the Stanford
committee of arrangements.
Following is the plea made by
Mr. Elias for the exemption of Stan
ford University from taxation:
"The students, the alumni, and
the friends of Stanford are engaged
in a movement. California stands
alone among the States in taxing
such an educational institution as
Stanford is. where higher education
is free to all. In the East such
seats of learning are not only ex
empt, hut the states have dupli
cated the endowment of the bene
factor. 1 feel that the pride and
love of higher learning among our
people would have exempted our
university if it had existed when
the constitution was adopted. We
want the burden lifted only from
property actually used for educa
tional purposes and we appeal to
the intelligence of the people to
stand bv us "
The Stanford part of the Inter
eollcgia te Democratic rally at Met
ropolitan Hall I ant Saturday night
was a success.
S. I'. Elias. president of the Stan
ford Maguire Club, acted as chair
man of the meeting, ili - reference
to our efforts toward exempting the
University froiu taxation was vig
orously applauded by the audience.
Carl Havden, '00, was the first
Stanford speaker and delivered a
thoughtful speech. He spoke of
the freedom and liberality of our
University and also mentioned ex
emption from taxation.
Anthony Suzzallo, '99, made the
best speech of the evening and was
given quite an ovation at the end.
James Ferguson, '99, delivered an
ahlc address and maintained his
reputation as an intercollegiate de
bater. The Stanford Maguire quar
tet, consisting of Drake, '99, Field,
'01. Maxwell, '99, and Forsvthe,
'99, sang some catchy campaign
songs and were repeatedlv encored.
.!. A. Bently, '01, and C. B. Gil
lespi,'ol, constituted the Stanford
committee of arrangements.
Following is the plea made by
Mr. Elias for the exemption of Stan
ford University from taxation:
"The students, the alumni, and
the friends of Stanford are engaged
in a movement. California stands
alone among the States in taxing
such an educational institution as
Stanford is. where higher education
is free to all. In the East such
seats of learning are not only ex
empt, hut the states have dupli
cated the endowment of the bene
factor. 1 feel that the pride and
love of higher learning among our
people would have exempted our
university if it had existed when
the constitution was adopted. We
want the burden lifted only from
property actually used for educa
tional purposes and we appeal to
the intelligence of the people to
stand bv us "
