# Rare Australian Specimens Received
## 
### 
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
The Ceratodus, or Paddle Fish, is
one of the rare specimens of marine
life received by the Zoology depart
ment from Australia. This species is
nearly extinct, and the Australian
government has recently passed a law
prohibiting the capture of any more
specimens.
