# California Notes.
## 
### 
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
Professor Tj. H. Bailey, dean of the
agricultural college at Cornell, will
he the principal speaker at the Coun
try Life Convention which will he held
at the university farm at Davis.
