# Medical Courses Are Strengthened.
## 
### 
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
With the transfer of a large amount
of apparatus and instruments from
Cooper Medical College to our new
laboratory, the. Medical department
at Stanford enters upon the best year
in its history. All pro-medical courses
have been strengthened by better
equipment. The Physiology work will
receive most benefit from these im
provements.
In consideration of such valuable
assets, a large number of students of
other colleges have registered in pre
medical courses. Registration in all
divisions of the Department has been
much greater than ever before. It
has been found necessary to divide
several of the classes Physiology I
will be given in several sections, in
order that laboratory work can be
carried on more efficiently.
