# Debaters in Spring Annual Inter-Living
## Living Groups to Argue Powers of Executive 
### 
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
Tho second annual Inter-Living
Group Debate, sponsored by the
Speech Association Tournament
will start the third week of
Spring Quarter. Students who
want to exercise their individual
right to free speech may do so
then according to tournament di
rector Mike Hall.
The topic of the debate will be,
“Resolved that the powers of the
executive branch of tho U.S. gov
ernment should he curtailed.”
Debaters will debate only one
side of the question, but each
living group must enter one
speaker on each side. The style
will again be Lincoln-Douglas,
with one affirmative and one
negative speaker, and cross-ex
amination.

Last year’s winning group was
El Campo, which defeated La
gunita in the championship
round. Trophies will be awarded
to the top four diving groups.
