# CHICAGO EARTHQUAKE
## 
### 
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
CHICAGO. —An earthquake which
shook five midwestern states last
night, overturning furniture and
frightening thousands of persons,
was attributed today to shifting
bedrock in the Great Lakes region.
