# ‘Doll's House’ Thesis Topic
## 
### 
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
Selected as part of his master's j
production thesis by graduate stu- |
dent Mel Ellett, Henrik Ibsen's "A
Doll's House" will be produced by i
members of Studio Theater Wed- J
lesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sat- j
irday at 8:15 in the Little Theater, j
Under the supervision of Dr. j
Alexander N. Vardac, Dr. James H.
McCulloch, and F. Cowles Strick- !

Women interested in ushering
at "A Doll's House" Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, and Saturday
evenings should telephone Bon
nie Moseman at 877(i.

and, of the speech and drama de
partment, Ellett first mapped out a
complete program to bring his weak
fields tip to a higher standard.
Finally choosing a show to design
and direct, Ellett did research on
ihe 19th century, including interior
decoration, architecture, and the
general philosophy of the time. Spe
cial emphasis was placed on other
plays by Ibsen.
Ellett's outline for the production
is made up of ground plans, rear
elevations—both sectional and large
scale— and sot, costume, and light
designs.
