# RACE, ALCOHOL TAXES DOWN
## 
### 
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
Thomas H. Kuchel, State Control
ler, reported Friday that General
tax and. license revenues on horse
racing and alcoholic beverages
showed marked decreases for the
fiscal year ending June 30. 1947.
Horse racing showed the greatest
decrease, being 16%, or $3,677,250
below the period ending June 30,
1946. Taxes on alcoholic beverages
dropped or $1,730,882.
