# Final Date Set For Vet Benefits
## 
### 
July 25, 1947, has been established
as the final day which may be
counted by veterans as service dur
ing World War II in claiming vet
erans' benefits, the Veterans Ad
ministration reports. Thus, the pe
riod considered as war service be
comes Sept. 16, 1940, through July
25, 1947.
In order to be eligible for bene
fits under the GI Bill a veteran
must have served at least 90 clays on
active duty during the war period
and received an honorable dis
chai-ge.
The Veterans Administration said
the war period applies to the fol
lowing benefits: education and
training, loan guarantees and read
justment allowances under the GI
Bill, and vocational rehabilitation
of disabled veterans under Public
Law 16.
