# ROBLE 'AT HOME' TEA WILL BE GIVEN TODAY
## 
### 
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
Roble Club will be "At Home" this
afternoon from 4 to 5:30 o'clock to
members of (he faculty and students.
These Roble teas arc designed to give
Ihe members of the summer quarter
opportunity for meeting informally.
This tea is especially in honor of the
language departments.
Thelma Peat will be hostess for the
occasion with Catherine Cartlidge act
ing as assistant.
