# SKINNER RECEIVES POST
## 
### 
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
Carl H. Skinner, graduate student in
economics at Stanford, has been ;ij;-
pointed to the position of superintend
ent of the Indian School at Phoenix,
Arizona. Announcement of the ap
pointment was made Saturday by Sec
retary of the Interior Ray Lyman
Wilbur. Skinner is a graduate of Kan
sas State Teachers College and re
ceived his M.A. at Indiana University.
