# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
LET'S DO IT AGAIN:
WE AIM
TO
TAKE CARE
OF
OUR OWN
Chrysler-Plymouth
Dodge & DeSoto
Serviced by Chrysler factory
trained mechanics
Walter W. Carr
CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH
DEALER
Dealer with a Happy Clientele
780 High at Homer
DAvcnport 2-2158
