# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
The practice of permitting indi
viduals to chop down their own
Christmas trees from government
land near Sonora, Calif., has been
discontinued.
