# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
Smoking in bed and children
playing with matches cause 29 per
cent of all fires in the U.S.
