# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Hallawell of
Palo Alto announce the engagement
of their daughter, Helen, to John
Thomas Mendel, also of Palo Alto.
Mendel and Miss Hallawell are both
seniors.
