# Pom-poms to Be Sold For Football Fracas
## 
### 
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
They're here! The big red and
white pom-poms have arrived in
time for the Santa Clara-Stan
ford football game and will he
on sale all day today and tomor
row at the post office, History
corner, on Quad, and at the Cel
lar.
The 25 - cent pom - poms will
also be sold at women's resi
dences and at the rally tomorrow
night by Klahoya women.
"All girls are urged to buy
them, as it's a tradition," said
Ruth Dimick, sponsor of the off
campus group.
