# Promotions Are Given Stanford Men in Training
## 
### 
Seven Stanford men who have been
serving as second lieutenants at Camp
Lewis are to wear the silver bar of
first lieutenants, their promotion to
take effect immediately, according to
an official announcement given out
this morning.
Frank J. Card, of the class of 1914.
captain and star breakaway of the
football team in that year, was among
those to gain distinction at American
Lake. The other Stanford men named
were Russell B. Triftp, '10; Morris A.
Cadwalader, '08; James S. Higley, '17;
William W. Crane, Jr., '17; Daniel C.
Upp, Jr., '18, and William J. Dud
dleson, '18.
The promotions were the result of
nearly five months' drilling at Camp
Lewis. The Â»ability with which the
men absorbed and imparted to raw
recruits the technique of military sci
ence was the reason for their ad
vancement in rank.
