# MANY STUNTS AT SMOKER
## 
### 
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
Professional entertainers from San
Francisco are billed to put on an act
at the freshman smoker to be held to
night at the Thi Kappa Psi house.
There will be two "jazz" orchestras,
Stunts by the freshmen of several of
the fraternities and plenty of smokes
and eats for all. The smoker is to
begin at 8 o'clock.
