# MEMBERS OF SPANISH CLUB PRESENT PLAY
## 
### 
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
Naturalness and vivacity made the
play "El amor a Oscuras," given last
night by members of the Spanish
Club, a marked success. Miss Cornejo
and Pedro Aguerrevere, who took the
leading parts, fortunately speaking
Spanish fluently, in their native
tongue.
The next meeting of the Spanish
Club will take place February 6. The
program will consist of the Spanish
play, "Manana de Sol," by the
brothers Quintero, of which the prin
cipal parts will be taken by Miss
Margaret Uald and Laurence Bailiff.
