# NO RECONSIDERATION
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 20. </Pl— I The
Supreme Court today declined to
reconsider the constitutionality of
prohibition but announced it would
decide whether a brewery is en
titled to tax refunds because its
property is not worth what it used
to be.
