# PALO ALTO GROCERY DAMAGED BY BLAZE
## 
### 
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
Fire breaking out in the Sunkist
Grocery, 203 University avenue,
shortly after 9 o clock last evening
did damage estimated at $200. The
blaze, which was quickly extin
guished by the Palo Alto fire de
partment, was started by an over
heated chimney.
The loss was covered by insur
ance. Rooms above the grovery were
not damaged. The building is owned
by the Bank of Italy, and the gro
cery is conducted by A. P. Miller.
