# BUSINESS CEASES
## 
### 
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
BOMBAY, Oct. 20. (/]->)—-The As
sociation of Native Piece Goods
Merchants today declared a cessa
tion of business for an indefinite
period.
