# FLOOD TAKES LIVES
## 
### 
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
TARRAGONA, Spain, Oct. 20. (/Pi
—Fourteen persons are known to be
dead and more than a score are
missing, believed drowned, in floods
along the Francoli river caused by
heavy rains since Saturd; v.
