# RADIO DISCOVERY
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 20. (/P>—The
National Broadcasting Company to
day advised the Federal Radio Com
mission that experiments it had con
ducted during the past year had
definitely demonstrated it was now
possible to operate without distor
tion two or more stations on the
same radio frequency through a sys
tem of synchronization.
