# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
Justice of the peace at Tecumseh,
Kas., W. J. Rickenbacker, was fined
for driving his car with wrong li
cense tags.
