# W. R. George.
## 
### 
William R. George is a man with a
message which even the most heedless

can appreciate. To
day he told the story
of the George Junior

Republic in a humorous, self-depreca
tory manner, which amused his au
dience if it did not conceal the real
greatness of the work he is carrying
on.
What we like about Mr. George is
the wholesome, human attitude he
assumes towards both the citizens of
his "republic" and the part he has
played in their lives. Totally devoid
of the "holier than thou" attitude, Wil
liam R. George is showing what one
man with initiative and imagination
can do towards the betterment of so
cial conditions.
Surely if the citizens of the "George
Junior Republic" can govern them
selves and do so in a manner that
earns the commendation of all obser
vers, the students of Stanford Univer
sity can do the same.
