# To Talk on Alaskan Fishes.
## 
### 
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
"Fisheries of Alaska" is to be the
subject of an address to be delivered
before the Jordan club to-morrow
evening by John N. Cobb. The speaker
is a statistician in the United States
"Rureau of Fisheries and has been em
ployed in our northern territory for
some time. Cobb is a personal friend
of Dr. Jordan. The lecture will be
given in the Chapel at 8 o'clock and
will be illustrated by slides.
