# C. E. Society Meeting Postponed.
## 
### 
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
Owing to the number of other acti
vities on the campus last night, the
Civil Engineering Society postponed
their meeting until later in the week.
