# San Francisco Theatres.
## 
### 
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
Columbia—"Rebecca of Sunnybrook
Farm."
Savoy—"Night Follies of San Fran
cisco."
Cort—"Excuse Me."
Alcazar—"Billy."
Pantages—Vaudeville.
Orpheum—Vaudeville.
