# FRENCH ARTILLERY MOVES TO FRONT
## 
### 

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.

ONE OF THE FIRST pictures approved by the Allied censors office showing 1 French military equipment,
this radio-photo shows an artillery piece being loaded on railway cars "somewhere in France," presumably
on its way to the war lines.
