# Former Nazi Chief Jailed by English
## 
### 
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
LONDON. Tuesday, Oct. ,T (UP).
— Ernst (Put/.i) Hanfstacngl, Har
vard-educated. piano-playing former
Nazi press chief and for many years
an intimate of Fuehrer Adolf Hit
ler, was interned by British authori
ties today. The action was not clear
immediately, inasmuch as Hanf
stacngl, after a reported break with
the Nazis, fled from Germany several
years ago.
