# Nazis Caution American Ships
## Warn Shippers Of 'Suspicious Behavior' 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2 (UP).â€”The
German government, has warned
American shipping to avoid "any
suspicious behavior" while passing
through waters off Great Britain and
France, the Navy Department's hy
drographic office said tonight.
The German government's com
munication was published by the
hydrographic office as one of its
"special warnings" to American ship
ping which were instituted shortly
after outbreak of the European war.
Merchant ships have repeatedly at
tempted in the waters around
France and England to evade the
exercise of the right of German
naval forces, granted by internation
al law of stoppage and search," the
German warning said. "Besides, they
have repeatedly aroused suspicion
of attack of unneutral acts, by im
proper behavior.
"The government of the Reich
therefore begs to call the attention
of American vessels traveling into
the waters mentioned to the fact
that, in their own interest, and in
order to prevent confusion with
naval 01* auxiliary ships of the en
emy, especially at night, they should
avoid any suspicious behavior, par
ticularly change of course and use
of radio apparatus upon sighting
German naval forces, zig-zagging,
screening of lights, failing to obey
a demand to stop, and the acceptance
of convoy by naval forces of the
powers at. war with Germany."
Government officials refused to
comment.
