# LATE WAR BULLETINS
## 
### United Press 
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
ROME—It is reported that Mus
solini may wait to make a "final"
peace offer until after Hitler ad
dresses the Reichstag this week,
making the oiler in conjunction
with Russia.
PARlS—French say Germany
has doubled the troops on the
western front for what they ex
pect to be a major attack "after
Hitler's abortive peace maneu
vers"; unimportant action on
western front includes two minor
German attacks, which French say
were repulsed, and artillery ac
tivity.
LONDON — British announce
their planes made a pamphlet
"raid" on Berlin and escaped un
touched; British freighter Clement
is sunk in South Atlantic, lead
ing to fears a German warship has
escaped the blockade to raid com
merce.
