# BETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Waldron Wilson, '42,
to Beta Theta Pi.
