# UNO SITE CITATION
## 
### 
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
LONDON. Feb. 10 (UP). —San
Francisco today renewed is bid to i
become permanent home of the j
United Nations, and opponents of i
the New York area blocked all at- '
tempts to get a committee vote on j
the proposed Stamford-Greenwich,
Conn., si e.
