# Engineer Society Meets Tomorrow
## 
### 
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
All engineering students inter
ested in joining the Stanford Chap
ter of the American Society of Civil
Engineers are invited to attend a
meeting of that organization to be
held tomorrow at 7:15 p.m. in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house.
A natural-color sound film. '"They
Saw Tomorrow." depicting the con
struction of the Colorado River
Aqueduct, will be shown. Fabian S.
Miller, contact member of the chap
ter and city engineer of Palo Alto,
will discuss problems that an engi
neer meets in a small community
in regard to construction and main
tenance of streets, sewers, and wa
ter supply.
Students are asked to turn in ap
plication blanks for membership to
Harry Williams, professor in the
Engineering Department, in room
523.
