# Band Practice Planned For Tomorrow Night
## 
### 
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
Band practice will bo held to
morrow al 7:15 p.m. in the music
room back of the Chapel, accord
ing to Patty Whittoinore, co
chairman of Rally Com.
All students interested, even
those locking instruments, should
come. Students will get one unit
of credit for the remainder of the
quarter, and will meet once a
week.
