# Stanford to Host Conference On Latin American Problems
## 
### 
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
On Wednesday, Aug. 18, Stanford
will host a conference on "Popula
tion Problems of Latin America,"
sponsored by the Hispanic American
Studies Department. The general
session will begin at 9:30 a.m. and
end at !) p.m.
Twenty - three speakers will be
featured in the all-day session, in
cluding educators from Stanford,
UCLA, California, and Syracuse
University, as well as representa
tives from the AF of L, the CIO, the
Bank of America, the American In
stitute of Foreign Trade, and the
United Nations.
The general session will be opened
by Ernest R. Hilgard, Dean of Grad
uate Studies at Stanford, and the
conference members will hear open
ing remarks by Preston James of
Syracuse and Joseph Williams of
Stanford's Department of Geogra
phy.
The program will be divided into
five separate discussions. At 10:15
a.m., William O. Jones of the Food
Research Institute wdl preside over
a discussion on "Agricultural Colo
nization and Pioneer Settlement."
At 11:15 a.m. there will be a dis
cussion on "Health and Population
Growth."
The conference will resume at 2
p.m. with talks on "Economic De
velopment and Population Growth,'
led by Paul R. Hanna of Stanford's

School of Education. At 3 p.m., the
subject will be changed to "Labor
Migrations Across National Bound
aries: The Wetback Problem."
The closing session will be a panel
discussion led by Carl B. Spaeth of
the Stanford Law School.
Other speakers from Stanford in
clude Ralph Harris of the Depart
ment of Economics, Richard J. St.
Johns of the Law School. Sidney
RafTel of the Department of Bacte
riology, and Martin B. Travis of the
Department of Political Science.
