# EURICH INSURANCE TRUSTEE
## 
### 
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
Dr. Alvin C. Eurich, academic
vice-president, has been elected a
trustee of the Penn Mutual Life
Insurance Company, it was an
nounced recently.
