# Committee Hears Workers' Views
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 24 (UP).
—X'he Okies—lhat vast body of
wandering workers dramatized by
John Steinbeck in the "Grapes of
Wrath"—told their story today bo
fore the Tolan congressional com
mittee holding a final series of
hearings here on migrant labor
problems.
Governor Culbert L. Olson of
California submitted a five-point
proposal to the committee for so
lution of the migrant problem. He
recommended uniform state relief
standards; a national policy on the
problem toward elimination of rural
slums; interstate co-operation on a
regional basis; federal control of
labor contractors, and study of pos
sible extension of social security
legislation to farm workers.
