# NAZI FORCES RAID LONDON CENTERS
## 
### 
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
LONDON. Wed., Sept. 25 (UP).—
Unloading huge "super bombs" that
demolished historic buildings and
heaped streets with debris, Adolf
Hitler's air force early today turned
its fury upon this world's greatest
metropolis with an attack that blasted
more than 45 separate districts.
Fires, started in the heart of the
city by "breadbasket" clusters of
blazing explosives, were for the most
part extinguished.
At 4:30 a.m. the raiders, flying
daringly low in defiance of a mur
derous hail of bursting steel from
anti-aircraft guns, still were sweep
ing back and forth over the metrop
olis in a ceaseless parade of terror
and destruction.
