# Jimmy Phelan Gives Huskies' Team 'Chance'
## Jurkovich, Star Hulf For Bears, Injured 
### 
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
SEATTLE, Sept. 24 (UP). — Se
vei'cly bruised by heavy pre-season
workouts, 35 University of Wash
ington players left today for Min
neapolis and their season opener
Sept. 28 against University of Minne
sota. Two lettermen, halfback Mau
rice Stacy and end Bill Sloan, were
left behind by Head Coach Jimmy
Phelan, who said the Huskies had a
"chance" against the Gophers.
