# TROJAN STARTING LINEUP SHOWN
## 
### 

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.

HERE'S THE FIRST starting line-up for C.S.C.'s Trojans for the 1040 season, shewn in a recent practice session. Line, from left: I»ob Jones,
Bob de Lauer, Ben Solin, Floyd Phillips, Ed Dempsey. Donald Wilier and A1 Krueger (this is Trojan unbalanced line to the right). Backfield
from left: Bob Richardson. Jack Banta. Bob Peoples, and Bill Bundy.
