# Adv. 89 Page 16
## 
### 
Congratulations on your outstanding
achievements at Stanford and best
wishes for your continued success in
graduate school. God has great things
in store for you.
Love, Mom, Dad c 3 Kelly
Congratulations on your outstanding
achievements at Stanford and best
wishes for your continued success in
graduate school. God has great things
in store for you.
Love, Mom, Dad c 3 Kelly
Congratulations on your outstanding
achievements at Stanford and best
wishes for your continued success in
graduate school. God has great things
in store for you.
Love, Mom, Dad c 3 Kelly
Congratulations on your outstanding
achievements at Stanford and best
wishes for your continued success in
graduate school. God has great things
in store for you.
Love, Mom, Dad c 3 Kelly
Congratulations on your outstanding
achievements at Stanford and best
wishes for your continued success in
graduate school. God has great things
in store for you.
Love, Mom, Dad c 3 Kelly
