# Adv. 44 Page 13
## 
### 
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
MM
-
.iv |
The Daily values your
opinion
Write a letter or
viewpoint today.
Please include name, phone
number and Stanford
affiliation, if any.
CONGRATULATIONS
o* ON YOUR "a
SPECIAL OCCASION
ill! , i
'•r ..
"'mm' Indianapolis, IN
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
i; ik ii \:
.. \
Love,
, Cindy & Candy
