# Adv. 33 Page 11
## 
### 
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
INK
BOWL
Attention Daily staff
ers!! The annual pre-
Big Game gridiron
battle between The
Stanford Daily and
The Daily Californian
is scheduled for 10
a.m. this Saturday. All
those interested
should meet at The
Daily at 8:45 sharp.
We'll drive up, knock
the stuffing out of
'em and then watch
the Cardinal pummel
the Golden Bears.
BE THERE
