# Excom Meets At 9 Tonight
## 
### 
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
Due to rushing, Excom meets to
night at 9 o'clock instead of the
usual 7 o'clock.
On tonight's agenda are: (1) a re
port on defense plans progress; (2)
a report on the disaster corps and
practice alarm: (3) emergency meas
ures concerning both Men's and
Women's Councils; (4) Honor Code
revitalization; and (5) student ac
tivities in the emergency.
