# Monteux to Appear With Guest Stars
## 
### 
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
A violin soloist and a guest con
ductor will share the spotlight with
Pierre Monteux at the San Fran
cisco Symphony Orchestra per
formances in Memorial Opera House
next Friday afternoon and Saturday
night.
The violinist is Naoum Blinder,
concert master of the orchestra.
Blinder's number with orchestra will
be Concerto for Violin, D Major, by
Beethoven. Meredith Willson, the
guest conductor, is an American
composer best known to the world of
music on radio.
