# Delts Present $100 To Farm Loan Fund
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
announced today a gift to Stan
ford University of $100 from Delta
Tau Delta fraternity for use as a
student loan fund.
The gift was made in connection
with the 50th anniversary, just
ended, through the house corpora
tion. the Delta Tau Delta Con
struction and Investment Com
pany, and was turned over to the
University by Charles Judson
Crary, '03, chairman of the com
pany and president of the Palo
Alto National Bank.
This was the only formal 50th
anniversary gift to the University
from a living group on the campus.
