# MEXICO. U.S. ESTABLISH JOINT DEFENSE BOARD
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12 (UP). -
Creation of a joint Mexican-United
States Defense Commission was an
nounced today by the White House.
President Roosevelt and President
Manuel Avila Camacho of Mexico
created the board, it was announced.
Details of the organization were to
be disclosed later by the State De
partment.
Meanwhile at Rio de Janeiro un
dersecretary of State Sumner Welles,
who arrived today at the head of the
United States delegation to the third
consultative meeting of American
foreign ministers, conferred tonight
with representatives of the "good
neighbor" nations on plans for a
joint Pan-American declaration of
severance of diplomatic relations
with the Axis.
