# LONDON CLEANS UP DEBRIS
## 
### 

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.

WITHOUT A SEVERE blitz in eight months, London is getting the
debris gradually cleared away. All metals goes into munitions, and
the other material is salvaged. The scene above is on Ludgate Hill,
St. Paul's is in the background.
