# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
KZSU will broadcast all
remaining Stanford home
sanies, including tomorrow’s
contest against the Washing
ton Huskies. Neal Driiinond
and Alike Alanis will handle
the play-by-play, starting at
1:25 p.m.
