# LETTERS
## 
### 
Editor, The Daily:
On analyzing the current de
bate between Annin Rosencranz
and Co. and one Mike Walsh, I
should like to offer this one in
terpretation of Mr. Walsh’s ar
ticle. It shall not be my purpose
to defend or attack his presenta
tion; rather, it is my purpose only
to ask students to note the spirit
of Walsh’s article. I see a young
man who desires to bo informed
about his student government
and the direction Armin Rosen
cranz plans to lead us. He is ask
ing Armin to be more responsible
to his electorate.
In reviewing the last spring’s
elections, it should be noted that
Rosencranz was not obligated to
present a platform or plan of ac
tion. His statements during (he
campaign in no way reflected a
serious attitude toward his cur
rent position. With his situation
Armin Rosencranz, as our elected
student leader, is obligated to in
form the students now on his
plans. He cannot continue to as
sume the false claim of a student
mandate based on his colorful
campaign of last spring quarter.
Steve Corker
