# Robert North to Speak In Great Prof. Series
## 
### 
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
Robert North, professor of po
litical science and specialist in
Sino-Soviet relations, will speak
tonight in Otero lounge at 7:30.
Dr. Carver’s talk is part of tho
Great Professor Series.

The speech, discussion, and cof
fee following are open to every
one.
