# Roble Semi-Formal Set for Tonight
## 
### 
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
Robleites will hold their spring
semi-formal dance tonight in the
Women's Gym from 9 to 1 o'clock.
Decorations will carry out a Span
ish fiesta motif, and supper at 11
o'clock will consist of Spanish
foods.
Ruth Ide, general chairman of the
dance, announced today that carna
tion boutonnieres will be given to
each escort.
