# Philosophical Rat Digs for Meals
## 
### 
Theophrastus is the name of a
philosophical white rat whose in
stincts for going after food and drink
have been employed to scientific ef
fect by Professor Calvin P. Stone in
the psychology department.
Theophrastus is placed in a wire
cage, in the floor of which is a pipe
connection. Down the pipe, fed by a
funnel, flows a quantity of sand, and
as fast as Theophrastus digs the sand
out of the hole, it Is replenished
from the funnel. But in an hour's
time, Theophrastus can exhaust the
supply of sand in the funnel, after
which the drainpipe passage is clear.
Then sapient Theophrastus scampers
up the drainpipe to a cage on a
higher level, where cheese and water
await him.
