# Student Pickets Protest Dismissal
## 
### 

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."

DISMISSAL OF Mr?.. Burton James, upper left in inset, from the
faculty of the University of Washington, brought out these student
pickets who closed two "little theaters."
