# PORTLAND TOPS LEAGUE
## 
### 
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
By United Press)
Portland held first place in the
Pacific Coast League yesterday, the
result of a 4-2 win over last place
Oakland Wednesday night while Los
Angeles was losing to Hollywood,
3-4.
A total of 373 tuition notes was
issued to undergraduate men last
year as compared with 539 for the
year before.
