# Lewis Mumford On Education Meeting Panel
## Slimmer Conferences To Present Leaders In Social Thought 
### 
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
Lewis Mumford, author of "The
Culture of Cities," a new work which
has won him acclaim as a prophet of
American culture, is one of several
leaders in social thought and educa
tion who will participate in a Con
ference on Social Education, to be
held on the campus July (5 to 10 un
der the sponsorship of the School of
Education.
The conference is open to school
teachers and administrators and
friends of education. They are ex
pected from throughout California
and the West. Eighty-one visiting
participants are on the program to
speak and lead discussion groups,
along with 41 members of the Stan
ford faculty.
Other Speakers
Linked with Mumford as princi
pals in the conference are Professor
William H. Kilpatrick of Columbia
and Professor William F. Ogburn of
the University of Chicago. Professor
Kilpatrick is author of "Education
for a Changing Civilization." Pro
lessor Ogburn was director of re
search for President Hoover's Com
mittee on Social Trends.
Dean Grayson N. Kefauver of the
School, of Education elaborates on the
theme of the conference in the fol
lowing terms:
Problem Slated
"As the tempo of technological
change increases, the problem of in
telligent social control becomes more
critical. Unless we can better co-or
dinate social and technological prog
ress, the great advances of the past
400 years may be negated. In a de
mocracy, the creative thinking nec
essary for intelligently controlling
:;oeial change should be the respon
sibility of the many rather than the
privilege of the few. This is the
challenge to social education."
