# DANCES HELD
## 
### 
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
Twenty-three student dances were
held in the Women's Gym during
last year.
