# Axe Society Ends Interviews Today
## 
### 
Today is the last day for prospec
tive members of the Axe Society's
new student tile system to be in
terviewed, according to Ed Barnett,
Axe Society member in charge of the
new plan. The interviews will be
held in Room 13 of the Old Union
this afternoon from 1 to 4 o'clock.
"The turnout has been enthusias
tic," Barnett said in discussing the
plan. "I should like to emphasize
again that we are especially inter
ested in having freshmen and sopho
mores sign up, although we will be
pleased to have interested upper
classmen turn out too," he added.
The card file system is open to all
campus men, and gives those inter
ested in campus activities a chance
to show their desire to participate in
committees. The file will be open to
use by all fcommittee chairmen next
year, according to Barnett.
Members of the interviewing com
mittee include Barnett, Grant Stone,
Jack Beman, Way land Leonard, Dick
Clarke, and Spike Furman.
