# Cap and Gown Awards Scholarships to Fu, Chen
## 
### 
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
Miss Lo Shu Fu. graduate in his
tory, and Miss Sh'Yning Chen,
graduate in education, both have
been awarded $100 scholarships by
Cap and Gown for this quarter, Babs
Wilbur, president, announced yes
terday. Miss Fu is from China, and
Miss Chen is from Pahang, Malaya.
