# Untitled Article
## 
### 

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.

TERRY MAXWELL, top Card
sprinter, will compte in the San
Jose meet.
