# DUCES SON ON FLIGHT
## 
### 
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
ROME, Jan. 24 (UP). —Bruno Mus
solini, 20-year-old son of Premier
Benito Mussolini, took off with two
companions in three heavily-loaded
bombing planes today for South
America.
