# Stagers To Tryout Today For Reading
## 
### 
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
Awaiting a telegram due this
morning to cinch the selection of a
play, Stagers plan tryouts for a
February reading today from 1 to 2
o'clock in the Little Theater.
Three plays up for consideration
include George S. Kaufman's com
edy, "You Can't Take It With You,"
Maxwell Anderson's tragedy of the
Mayerling suicide, "The Masque of
Kings," and Louis Wietzenkorn's
melodrama of the tabloid, "Five
Star Final."
According to J. P. Cahn, director,
the date of the reading still waits
approval from the Committee of
Public Exercises.
