# The 						"Governor Stanford."
## 
### 
The "Governor Stanford," the
first passenger engine on the Cen
tral Pacilic, was brought down to
Palo Alto from Sacramento on Sat
urday. The "Governor Stanford"
was brought around the llorn by
steamship and set up on the Coast,
being mimed for Governor Stan
ford. At that time the railroad
extended only from Sacramento to
Auburn. When the line was ex
tended over the Sierra Nevadas the
"Governor Stanford" was the first
engine to cross the mountains. The
engine was exhibited at the Mid
winter Fair, together with a typi
cal modern locomotive. It was re
cently condemned by (lie railroad
authorities and would have been
destroyed, but Mrs. Stanford se
cured it. If possible, it will be
placed in the Museum. If this is
not practicable a shed will be built
to protect it.
