# Death of Hattie M. Willard, '95.
## 
### 
News has been received of the
death on April 9, at her home at
Long Branch, of Mrs. Ilattie M.
Willard, Education, 'V) 5. Mrs
Willard came to Stanford with ad
vanced standing from the Univer
sity of Michigan where she had
studied law and had been admitted
to the bar. She graduated with
the Pioneer ('lass here, after which
she taught in the Escuidido high
school until within a year, when a
severe cold merged into a con
sumptive attack resulting in her
death. Mrs. Willard was one of
the brightest students who
graduated here, and hers is a lif
which the body of the alumni and
her many other friends can ill
spare.
