# ALPHA SIGMA PHI
## 
### 
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
President, Dick Van Saun; vice
president, Dick Hughes; house
manager, Bill Bailey; secretary,
Mike Kilgore; corresponding sec
retary, John Krawczuk; rushing
chairman, A 1 Ellis; chaplain,
Sherrod Lee.
