# Hostel Blanks Now Available
## 
### 
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
Hostel applications are avail
able today at the ASSU office for
the two hostels to be held next
weekend, "Progressive Education
in the College" with Professor
Lawrence Thomas, and "Social
and Moral Values of Stanford
Students" with Dean H. Donald
Winbigler and Dr. Werner Warm
brunn.
Enrollment is limited to the
first 15 students who apply, ac
cording to chairman Dick Cof
fing, and cost is S3. Those going
on the "Progressive Education"
hostel will leave Friday at 3 p.m.
and return Saturday at 5:30 p.m.;
the "Values" hostel will be from
Saturday at 1 p.m. to Sunday at
4:30 p.m. Both will be held at
the newly-acquired cabin at Napa.
Additional information is avail
able at the ASSU office and a
complete hostel schedule pub
lished by Cardinals wil lbe avail
able tonight in campus dorms,
according to Coffing.
