# Women to Hear Sponsoring Talks
## 
### 
Members of the Women's Spon-1
soi' Choosing Committee, togeth
er with this year's sponsors, will
visit women's living groups to-1
night at house meetings to dis
cuss and answer questions about
the functions and opportunities!
of sponsoring, and to distribute
applications for sponsoring next
year.
Teams will visit Union Resi
dence at 7 and each of the six 1
easas of Lagunita and Gavilan |
and Paloma houses in Florence
Moore at 7:30. Guthrie and Still
man houses on the women's row
will be visited at 7:45 p.m.
Applications arc due Friday, I
and Interviews will be conducted
next week. The committee is in
terested in having all sophomore
and junior women concerned with
sponsoring apply.
