# Peace Syllabus Off the Press.
## 
### 
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
The syllabus used in the course on
"International Conciliation," given by
Doctor Jordan and Professor Krehbiel
last year, has been revised and is now
ready for distribution, A number of
changes have been made and many
references, with other improvements,
have been added.
