# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Roasted
Women's water polo roasts
the competition and places
fifth in the nation.
Sports, page 7

sun-basked
Women's golf basks in the
sun and finishes seventh at
the NCAA Regionals.
Sports, page 7

skin
Ryan Craig skins
his knees during
a hangover.
Opinions, page 4

Roasted
Women's water polo roasts
the competition and places
fifth in the nation.
Sports, page 7

sun-basked
Women's golf basks in the
sun and finishes seventh at
the NCAA Regionals.
Sports, page 7

skin
Ryan Craig skins
his knees during
a hangover.
Opinions, page 4

Roasted
Women's water polo roasts
the competition and places
fifth in the nation.
Sports, page 7

sun-basked
Women's golf basks in the
sun and finishes seventh at
the NCAA Regionals.
Sports, page 7

skin
Ryan Craig skins
his knees during
a hangover.
Opinions, page 4

Roasted
Women's water polo roasts
the competition and places
fifth in the nation.
Sports, page 7

sun-basked
Women's golf basks in the
sun and finishes seventh at
the NCAA Regionals.
Sports, page 7

skin
Ryan Craig skins
his knees during
a hangover.
Opinions, page 4

Roasted
Women's water polo roasts
the competition and places
fifth in the nation.
Sports, page 7

sun-basked
Women's golf basks in the
sun and finishes seventh at
the NCAA Regionals.
Sports, page 7

skin
Ryan Craig skins
his knees during
a hangover.
Opinions, page 4

