# DELTA TAU DELTA
## 
### 
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
President, Sid Garber; vice
president, Trev Grimm; rushing
chairman, Jack Carter; social
chairman, Steve Reynard.
