# Coe Prizes Given
## 
### 
Eighteen teachers of United
States history in secondary
schools have received the Wil
liam Robertson Coe Fellowships
of $750 for an eight-week study
program beginning June 22.
Receiving the awards are Mrs.
W. J. Coprich, Alabama; Saul L.
Barnett and Carl Wagner, Cali
fornia; Wayne Shank, Colorado;
John McCune and George War
ren, Connecticut; Ernest An
drade, Jr., and Thomas Bartow,
Hawaii; Joseph McGuire, Illinois.
Other recipients are Charles
McMinn, Indiana; Hubert Hum
phreys, Louisiana; Peter Mu
rauckas, New Hampshire; John
Reydel, New Jersey; Samuel
Rothstein, New York; Clell Con
rad, Oregon; Lucia Daniel, South
Carolina; Gerald Korte and Mar
jorie Heron, Washington.
