# Washington Senator Casts Debenture Vote While III
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
WASHINGTON, May 8.
though suffering intense pain from a
sudden illness, Senator Jones, of
Washington, the Republican whip, re
mained in the Senate today until after
he had cast his vote on the export
debenture plan in the farm relief bill.
The Washington Senator, who voted
against the debenture plan, was then
taken home. He had suffered chills
during the afternoon but the exact
nuture of his illness was undeter
mined.
