# DRIGIBLE LINES PLANNED
## 
### 
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
AKRON, 0., May 8. (/P) —President
Hoover and Paul W. Litchfield, presi
dent of the Goodyear-Zeppelin cor
poration, will discuss plans for trans
oceanic dirigible airmail lines to
Hawaii and London, it was said here
today.
The Senior women of Cornell wear
brilliant-hued blazers as a class in
signia.
