# KWANGSI REBELS MAY TAKE CITY OF CANTON IN SOUTH CHINA WAR
## 
### 
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
CANTON, Chuia, May 8.
tional warfare between the provinces
of Kwangsi and Kwangtung in South
China was in full progress today with
the important city of Canton threat
ened with capture by the Kwangsi
group.
The overnight change from peace
to war has resulted in the flight of
thousands from Canton to Hong Kong
while the Nanking Government Cen
tral Bank notes, already 25 per cent
under par, were still falling here.

Behind the present warfare lies the
struggle between the Nanking or Na
tionalist Central Government and the
Kwangsl Military Clique as well as a
more centralized rivalry between the
provinces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung.

When the Nationalist Government
began its recent drive against the
Kwangsi group, the civil governor of
Kwangtung issued a declaration of
neutrality which was regarded as
tantamount to a declaration in favor
of Nanking. Hitherto Kwangtung had
been more or less under the domina
tion of the powerful province of
Kwangsi which, having no pDrt of its
own, needed Canton for access to the
sea.
