# CONFERENCE AGREES ON INTERPRETATION OF A. W. S. RULES
## Discuss Over-Night Sign-Out, Publication, Rehearsal, Concert Leaves 
### 
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
Interpretation of the A.W.S. rules
which will be carried out for the rest
of this spring and next year were
agreed upon at a meeting of Women's
Conference last night.
Automatic late leaves for publica
tions were standardized. Women's
Editor of the Daily and copy editors
will have 11:30 automatic, and night
editors will have 1:30 for the nights
on which they are in charge on desk.
The Women's Editor and tryoutees on
the editorial staff of the Quad, and
the women on the managerial side
will be given automatic 11:30 in
spring quarter. Special leaves until
1:30 o'clock can be obtained in case
of necessity. No 1:30 leaves will be
given for social functions during the
week except in the case of opera or
some such cultural event only coming
once.
It was explained also that one can
not sign out for late leave and over
night at the same time; one must
sign out for overnight before 10:30
o'clock on week nights, and 11:30
week-ends, except when signed out
with late leave, in which case the
time is extended to the time of the
late leave.

In regard to the fresman highway
rule, it was decided that the woman
who is double-dating with the fresh
man woman must be a student at
Stanford. When signing in, each fresh
man must write in the name of the
woman with whom she double-dated.
