# WOLTER TO SHOW INDIAN BASEBALL NINE IN PRACTICE GAME WITH SAN JOSE STATE
## 
### 
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
Weather permitting, local baseball
fans will have an opportunity today
of witnessing a preview of the 1934
varsity when Coach Harry Wolter
directs his athletes in an informal
practice game against San Jose State
at 3:15 o'clock on the Sunken dia
mond.
The game will give Coach Wolter
a chance to test the potency of a
variety of combinations before the
actual season gets under way as
veterans and rookies alike will dis
play Iheir skills in actual combat.
Wolter announced that he would
probably use three pitchers during
the course of the game, each work
ing three innings. Stan Anderson,
the most polished and experienced
twirier on the squad, will open the
game. He witl be relieved by Fred
Herringer, veteran fast ball artist.
Eliot Blanchard, sophomore right
hander who has shown promise of
future greatness, will probably pitch
the last three frames.
Jim Massey, who shared catching
duties with Captain Ike Livermora
last, season, and Charlie Dodge will
divide the chores behind the bat.
Dodge returns to the squad after a
year's lay-off.
Bob Sevinske, who has been an
all-round utility man on Card nines
for the past two years, will open at
second base in place of Veteran Jim
Wooley who is temporarily incapa
citated with a bruised knee. The
balance of the infield will line tip
with the following men probably
seeing action during the contest:
Trautman and Tremaine at third,
Clark and Edwards at short, and
Hearne at first.
In the outfield Wolter will use
Captain Miles, "Bones" Hamilton,
Maggiore, Nutting, and Newman.
Kay Forsythe, who is a strong con
tender for an outfield berth, will not
play because of recent illness.
The Cards will be minus the serv
ices of Galbraith and Grayson, who
are both out with injuries. Gal
braith sprained his ankle last week
and will not report until next Mon
day. Grayson is slowly recovering
from a kidney bruise and two

cracked ribs suffered in the Rose
Bowl game.
Little is known of the strength of
Bill Hubbard's San Jose Staters, but
Harry Wolter intimated the game
was no push-over.
