# YOST AT HOME
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
Dean Mary Yost will be "at home"
to members of the faculty and stu
dent body from 4-6 o'clock this
afternoon. She will bo assisted by
Rose Cubbison, Ethel Brown, Rose
mary Benef, Rebecca Stribling, and
Helen Grover.
