# Freshmen Defeat Seniors.
## 
### 
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
The Freshmen defeated the Seniors
yesterday in their first same of the
interclass basketball schedule by a 32-
27 score.
