# Reg-Day Bargain Opens Quad Sales
## 
### 
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
The Stanford Quad for 1940 will
go on sale Registration day, and the
reward for an early purchase that
day only is the purchaser's name on
Ihe cover free.
Though the price of the book for
this year has not yet been deter
mined, it will be by Reg Day and
purchasers may find it at the sales
desk outside the Administration
Building.
An additional charge of 50 cents
will be made to all those who wish
to have names on their books, after
the Reg Day sales.
