# Life on Farm Made Simple In Frosh Bible
## 
### 
Mailed during the summer to all
incoming freshmen, the Stanford
Handbook, or "Frosh Bible" is de
signed to acquaint new students
with Stanford life, student govern
ment, activities, and traditions.
Jim Stone, last year's Daily edi
tor, edited this year's book. Spon
sors of the volume are Axe Society,
men's service organization, and
Women's Conference, made up Â«of
representatives of all women's liv
ing groups.
The handbook, which includes
University songs and yells as well
as descriptions of the campus and
vicinity, contains information on
everything from the Honor Code to
what to wear on a date.
Transfers or freshmen who did
not receive a copy may secure the
handbook by calling at the A.S.S.U.
office in the Union.
