# HITLER'S TROOPS ON THE MARCH
## 
### 

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.

PICTURE SHOWS TROOPS of Hitler's eastern army pouring into Polish territory. Released by German
officials, the picture was sent to New York from Berlin. Locality was not given. Prior to occupation, the
area was heavily bombarded.
