# Lindbergh Makes Stanford Visit
## 
### 
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
A secret visitor to the Farm last
summer was Colonel Charles A.
Lindbergh who stopped here for a
few hours during his nationwide
survey of American aviation. Pro
fessor Alfred S. Niles was the Col
onel's host.
Colonel Lindbergh visited the
Stanford Aerodynamics Laboratory
marking it an important aviation
center in the West. Lunching at the
Union, Colonel Lindbergh discussed
aviation with several of the faculty.
