# TERMAN ELECTED
## 
### 
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
Dr. Lewis M. Terman, prominent
Stanford psychologist, has been
elected president of the Pacific Di
vision of the American Association
for the Advancement of Science.
Prof. J. Murray Luck was re-elected
sccretary-treasurer and C. V. Taylor
was named to the council.

To provide Stamford Museum with
material for a coral scene, Florida
divers collected a ton and a half of
coral.
