# Hall Men to Get Commons Playfield
## 
### 
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
Piles of dirt on the Encina play
field in back of the dining halls in
dicate that the field will be resur
faced and built up as a playficld
for hall men.
The dirt has been brought across
Galvez street from the 124-foot
square area which will form the
foundation of the new Hoover War
Library, where excavations arc
nearly complete.
