# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
There is no stand of California
redwood trees in a national forest,
but a Redwood National Forest is
being advocated.
