# McCLOSKEY SUMMER HEAD
## 
### 
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
Summer officers of Roble Hall in
cluded Virginia McCloskey, presi
dent, Mary Hayden, vice-president,
and Hetty Joy Elmore, secretary.
