# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
Phi Lambda Theta, honorary education
fraternity, elected Leila Ann
Taggart, president, Dorothy Brown,
vice-president, and C. E. Van Nor
man, secretary, at the groups last
meeting.
