# SUMMER OFFICERS
## 
### 
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
Ken Cuthbertson, Carl Phillips,
and Stanley Neyhart were appointed
to serve on Men's Council during
summer quarter.
