# Party Scheduled For Eagle Scouts
## 
### 
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
Honorary Eagle Scout Fraternity
Alpha Phi Omega will entertain all
Eagle Scouts entering Stanford this
year at 8:30 o'cLock Oct. 2 in the
Nitery, located above the Union
Cellar.
This meeting will consider new
members, and entertainment and re
freshments will be provided. The
group is co-operating with the junior
pre-reg committee, and all members
will attend a buffet supper at 4:45
o'clock tonight at 607 Gerona Road.
Planned activities for the coming
year include a yacht trip on San
Francisco Bay with deep-sea fishing,
a field trip to Yosemite, and com
plete co-operation with local scout
ing.
