# Pipe Line Detours Around New Libe
## 
### 
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
Main summer project of the Stan
ford Corporation Yard has been
the laying of a steam pipe line and
sewer under and around the exca
vation of the Hoover War Library
building. The pipe line, made of
iron, will be able to stand the
weight of the building, but the
terra cotta sewer must go around
the excavation.
Another project of the Corporation
Yard has been the modernizing of
the Accounting Department offices
in the Administration Building.
