# Illustrated Review Gets New Editor
## 
### 
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
Les Squires, Stanford '36, returned
to the Farm during the summer to
replace Norris James '26 as editor
and publisher of the Illustrated Re
view, Stanford alumni magazine.
Onetime columnist on the Daily,
Squires has held several positions in
newspaper work and publicity since
his graduation. He will work for a
masters degree in international rela
tions while carrying on his work on
the Illustrated Review.
