# Wilbur Jr. to Wed Sept. 24 in East
## 
### 
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
Ray Lyman Wilbur, Jr., son of the
President, will be married Septcm
lx;r 24 to Miss Martha Bugbec of
St. Louis, Mo.
Dr. Wilbur intends to travel east
to attend his soil as best man, but
Mrs. Wilbur will be unable to make
the trip because of ill health. The
newlyweds will make their home in
Los Angeles, where Mr. Wilbur is
with the civil service commission.
