# WEATHER
## 
### 
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
Clear Friday and Saturday, mild
iftcrnoons luil cool at night; gentle
westerly winds.
