# Former Berlin Organist To Give Recital Sunday
## 
### 
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
Ludwig Altman, visiting organist,
will present an organ recital Sun
day evening at 7:30 p.m. Mr. Alt- j
man, a graduate of the University
of Berlin, was the organist for the
largest synagogue of Berlin. He
came to the United States in 1937.
Me was organist for the Municipal I
Chorus in November, 1945, when
the Bruckner "Mass" was suns in |
Memorial Church.
