# 1940 Farm Quad Sales Close Today; $5.67 Per
## 
### 
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
Sales for the 1940 Stanford Quad
end today. Salesmen will be sta
tioned in front of the post oflicc
today for the last time. Quads may
also be purchased, for the price of
$5.67, at the Quad offices this af
ternoon.
