# White Soxer
## 
### 

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.

THE ABLE fielding and batting of
Robert Kennedy, 20-year-old
right-hander, have won him a reg
ular position with the Chicago
White Sox. lie hatted .2X4 with
Shreveport last season.
