# DELTA CHI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledging of Hughes Andrus, '42,
and Richard Bentley, '41, to Delta
Chi.
