# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Surviving
Softball pitcher Jessica
Schulman survives a back
injury to return next year.
page 10

one last
Truck drivers come in last in
safety records due to sleep
deprivation.
page 7

week
Two graduate students took
more than a week to edit a
volume of Slavic articles.
page 8

Weather
Today: Sunny,
upper 70s.
Tomorrow: Sunny,
high near 80.


Surviving
Softball pitcher Jessica
Schulman survives a back
injury to return next year.
page 10

one last
Truck drivers come in last in
safety records due to sleep
deprivation.
page 7

week
Two graduate students took
more than a week to edit a
volume of Slavic articles.
page 8

Weather
Today: Sunny,
upper 70s.
Tomorrow: Sunny,
high near 80.


Surviving
Softball pitcher Jessica
Schulman survives a back
injury to return next year.
page 10

one last
Truck drivers come in last in
safety records due to sleep
deprivation.
page 7

week
Two graduate students took
more than a week to edit a
volume of Slavic articles.
page 8

Weather
Today: Sunny,
upper 70s.
Tomorrow: Sunny,
high near 80.


Surviving
Softball pitcher Jessica
Schulman survives a back
injury to return next year.
page 10

one last
Truck drivers come in last in
safety records due to sleep
deprivation.
page 7

week
Two graduate students took
more than a week to edit a
volume of Slavic articles.
page 8

Weather
Today: Sunny,
upper 70s.
Tomorrow: Sunny,
high near 80.


Surviving
Softball pitcher Jessica
Schulman survives a back
injury to return next year.
page 10

one last
Truck drivers come in last in
safety records due to sleep
deprivation.
page 7

week
Two graduate students took
more than a week to edit a
volume of Slavic articles.
page 8

Weather
Today: Sunny,
upper 70s.
Tomorrow: Sunny,
high near 80.


