# THEY'RE GUNNING FOR ACCIDENTS!
## 
### 

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.

A new accident prevention bureau has been organized in Chicago's
police department, with a special squad detailed to photograph as man>
accidents as possible, with a view to determining causes of smashups.
Policemen Arthur Peterson (left) and John Carlson are shown waiting
for something exciting to happen.
