# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
Perpetuation of college traditions at
Lafayette College (Pa.) is the respon
sibility of college traditions of K.R.T.,
honorary junior-senior society.
