# RAINS STRIKE LOS ANGELES
## 
### 

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.

A HOME is washed away in Topanga Canyon of Los Angeles hills by
torrential rains of almost cloudburst volume, which blocked roads
with slides. At nearby Burhank, rains halted production briefly at
the Lockheed plant on big warplane orders for the United States and
Britain.
