# Another Kardong Feat
## 
### 
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
Don Kardong, the captain of
Stanford's cross country squad,
capped his collegiate country
career with a phenomenal third
place finish in the AAU
championship meet held in
Chicago last Saturday.
Frank Shorter of the Florida
Track Club ran away from the
pack with a 4:19 first mile and
completed the 10,000 meter
course in the time of 30:15.7.
Jack Bacheler, Shorter's
teammate, finished second, 25
seconds behind the winner.
Stanford's Kardong, running
unattached, turned in the

excellent time of 30 :55 to finish a
strong third over the muddy
Washington Park course.
Seniors in college were eligible
to run in this meet that was
dominated by the major U.S.
track clubs. The Pacific Coast
Track Club edged the Florida
Track Club for the team
championship by three points, 37
to 40.
Kardong's performance in the
Chicago meet combined with his
third place finish in the NCAA
championship meet places him in
the top echelon of long distance
runners in the U.S.
