# Napier First For RH Prof
## 
### 
If things keep going as they
have been the last two days, it
looks as If Dean Napier may be
modifying his swinging sermon
style to cheer Stanford on to
victory. Napier leads the Red
Hot Prof contest with 4653 votes
with only one more day of poll
ing left
A close second is Professor
Charles Beye formerly of the
Classics Department with 4540
votes. In the next three places
respectively are Jack Frieden
thal, Law School, 4165; Von
Escheleman,. Electrical . Engi
neering, 3605; and Mark Man
call, history, 2524.
Overseas Campuses Director
Robert Walker leads in the
minus votes category with -200
after rising to a high Monday
of -8. This beats his previous
record of -198. In second place
Ls Governor Brown with -69
votes.
