# MARX SPEAKS ON WATER POWER
## 
### 
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
In an address at the Women's
Clubhouse last night, Professor
Guido Marx pointed out the vital
social importance of control of wa
ter power in the interests of the
people rather than ip the interests
of selfish groups of private individ
uals.
At the present time the power
resources of the United States are
almost entirely in the control of as
sociated private utilities which are
in turn controlled by the great in
vestment bankers of the country.
This control brings the cost of
electric power to industry and indi
vidual to approximately fifteen or
twenty times the actual cost of gen
eration and distribution, explained
the speaker, himself an engineer.
The tremendous profit on this
vital commodity goes to a relatively
small group of private individuals,
loosely recognized as the power
trust. This group is now in almost
complete control of both major po
litical parties, declared Professor
Marx.
An impressive protest vote outside
of the major parties was declared
by Professor Marx the most effec
tive political method of obtaining
government action to secure national
power resources for the benefit of
the people, and to curb exploitation
