# "COME ON OVERâ€”" BARKEEP WEDS 'EM
## 
### 
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
' CHICAGO. April 21. </lv .There
are two versions of the wedding of
William R. Brown, 21, Northwestern
University law student, and a grad
uate of Sweet Briar College, Vir
ginia.
Justice Synakiewicz of Blue Isl
and, who made the first public an
nouncement of the event, says it
was a standup wedding in Joe Gal
rity's bar. Garrity supports him,
stating:
"Sure, they were married here.
They all get married here. Come on
