# Stanford, Cal to Host Postgrad Physicians
## 
### 
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
The Stanford and University oi
California Medical Schools are hosts
this week to 75 physicians who are
attending a postgraduate course ar- 1
ranged by the American College of
Physicians.
Faculty members of the two med- j
ical schools, under the direction of
Dr. Dwight L. Wilbur of Stanford
and Dr. Theodore Althausen of Cal.
are conducting the course. Visiting i
speakers are Dr. Andrew Conway '

Ivy of the University of Illinois and
Dr. Cecil J. Watson of the Univer
sity of Minnesota.
