# Residences Elect House Officers
## 
### 
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
The election of new officers in
three women's residences and one
fraternity was announced yester
day.
Officers elected yesterday at La
gunita Court were: president, Ed
wina Bedell; first vice-president,
Kate Peterson; second vice - presi
dent. Collette Combs; secretary. Pat
Murphy; chairman of Committee of
Seven, Jean Allred.
UNION UNIT
Union Unit elections held yester
day resulted in the selection of Jo
Humphrey as president. Other of
ficers chosen were: vice-president,
Diane Price; secretary, Mary Ma
cauley; chairman of Committee of
Eight, Janet Hotchkiss.
HUIILBURT HOUSE
Genevieve McDuffee was elected
president of Hurlburt House at elec
tions held Monday evening. She
succeeds Betty White.
Other officers selected were: Lois
Millington, vice-president; Mary
Koerner, secretary; and Janice
Outh, treasurer.
DELTA CHI
Hamilton De Jong was elected
president of Delta Chi at the fra
ternity's Wednesday evening house
meeting. He succeeds Ransom Tur
ner.
Other newly elected Delta Chi of
ficers are: Bob Baer, vice - presi
dent.; Dan Winston, general secre
tary; A! Lindauer, house manager;
Bill Pilcher, alumni secretary; and
Frank Laßrum, sergeant-at-arms.
Vice - President Baer will also
serve as social chairman, succeed
ing Jim Kurfess, retiring vice-pres
dent.
