# To Marry Hopkins
## 
### 

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.

(Acme Telepholo)

MRS. LOUISE MACY, socially
prominent New Yorker who will
wed Harry Hopkins, lease-lend ad
ministrator and close adviser to
President Roosevelt "at an early
date," according to an announce
ment by White House Secretary
Stephen T. Early.
