# Stanford Students Win Contest Awards
## 
### 
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
Honorable mention in Vogue's an
nual Prix de Paris was received by
two Stanford students of the Class
of '42. The students who received
the awards were Mary Jane Isham,
Gamma Phi. from Redlands, Calif.,
and Virginia Sisk, Lagunita, from
Trinidad. Colo. The competition is
sponsored annually by Vogue and is
open to seniors in colleges all over
the country.
