# Boxers Outslug Broncos: Bellows, McDonald Star
## 
### Stan Hulett 
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
The Stanford boxing team made
their home debut successful last
night, as they banged out a
decision over the Santa Clara
Broncos in Encina Gym.
It was the second straight win
for the Indian boxers, in three
starts .The Indians have another
home engagement this week, as
they take on the University of
San Francisco, at 8 Friday night
in the Encina Gym.
Indians Take Two
Stanford started the evening
off with two points, as Santa
Clara was forced to forfeit the
light-heavy and heavyweight
matches .to the Indians.
In the fastest bout of the
night's seven fight card, Stan
ford's flashy 156 pounder, Bruce
Bellows, banged out an impres
sive unanimous decision over the
Broncos' Tony Debellis.
In the shortest bout of the eve
ning, Stanford's Bill McDonald
scored a second round TKO over
Santa Clara's Karl Munday. Mun
day could not cope with the sharp

punching of the veteran Stan
fordite.
Stanford's other win of the
evening was scored by 147 pound
er Dave James. James outpointed
Don Jacobson of the Broncos. It
was James' first win of the 1960
season. He showed a fine left
jab, which won the fight for him
as he made his stronger opponent
miss on wild hooks.
Logsdon Draws
In a rematch from last season.
Stanford's Tom Logsdon and
Santa Clara's Ralph Faoli fought
to a draw. Logsdon seemed to
have the harder punches, as Paoli
missed the biggest part of the
time with a wild left lead.
Steve Morris, Stanford's 125
pounder, lost his first match of
the season, to Fernando Hernan
dez. Hernandez had Ihe stronger
punch of the two, although at
times he wrestled Morris around
the ring.
Jim Tompkins also lost his first
bout of the season, as the Stan
for 130 pounder lost a unanimous
decision to Santa Clara's John
Willett.
In an exhibition match, two
Stanford fighters, heavyweight
Ed Rothman and light-heavy Tal
ton Ray, fought to no decision.
