# Wilbur Chosen As Essay Judge
## Cantor's Contest Offers Scholarship, Expenses 
### 
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
Eddie Cantor has picked Dr. Ray
Lyman Wilbur as one of the judges
of his essay contest on "How Can
America Slay Out of War?" it was
announced yesterday.
A four-year scholarship and
complete maintenance at any
American college or university is
(lie prize offered by the noted
comedian to the writer of the best
500-word essay on the subject,
which was suggested by Newton
I>. Baker, former Secretary of
War.
Anyone is eligible to compete in
the contest, which closes February
22. If the winner in unable to ac
cept the award, he must name some
one to be the recipient. Choice of
school and time of attendance arc
optional.
To judge (he contest, which Can
tor says is "entirely a personal mat
ter," he has chosen two university
presidents and two college presi
dents:
