# Norm Bright Runs In Sugar Bowl Race
## 
### 
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
Norm Bright, former Stanford
student now teaching at Sunnyvale,
had his first taste of pre-Olympic
competition December 28 when he
competed in the two-mile at the
Sugar Bowl Classic, an invitational
track meet which opened the season
in New Orleans.
Bright finished third to a 9:19.5
by Don Lash of Indiana, while sec
ond went to Manning of Wichita U.
The race contained one of the best
two-mile fields gathered in this
country in some time, and was run

in cold weather on a slow track.
Bright led until the last 40 yards,
and finished about seven yards be
hind the winner.
The following want ad appeared
in the University of lowa Daily:
"Wanted—a burly, beauty-proof in
dividual to read meters in soror
ity houses—we haven't made 'a
nickel in years."
