# PARIS INUNDATED
## 
### 
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
PARIS, Jan, o './Pi. —Flood damage
over France swelled today into esti
mated millions of francs. Railroad
service was cut between Prnis and
.Boideaux and Paris and Nantes.
Factories in some regions were
forced to shut down. Streets and
houses were flooded in many river
towns.
