# Effect of New Edict on AAA Problematical
## U.S. Will Pay Off Contracts, Says Thompson 
### 
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
Doubt as to the effects of the Su
preme Court's decision yesterday
invalidating the Agricultural Ad
justment Administration was ex
pressed last night by Professor
Walter Thompson of the Stanford
political science department.
Professor Thompson said a close
study of the reasoning of the six
justices who held the act uncon
stitutional would be necessary be
fore the decision's results could
be known.
Members of the law department
agreed with Thompson's viewpoint,
declaring more might be known "in
two weeks" after a survey of the
court's ruling.
Professor Thompson said the ef
fect on prices also could not be de
termined, since it Is unknown how
much prices had been raised as a
result of the processing tax levied
under the AAA.
He said that in spite of the in
validating decision, the govern
ment would be under a moral ob
ligation to pay all contracts signed
under the act. More than $600,-
000,000 has been promised to
farmers who allowed their acre
age to lie idle.
Professor Thompson believes it
possible the government wili allow
a deficit to be incurred until Con
gress can levy nex taxes. He de
scribed the more than one-half bil
lion dollars as "not great in pro
portion to the national budget."
Faculty members also refused
(fimment on the political aspects
of the decision, which swept away
the foundations of the entire
group of farm acts.
