# GERMAN FELLOWSHIP IS ANNOUNCED HERE
## 
### 
Establishment of two annual fellow
ships of $1500 each for graduate stu
dents from German universities, one
at Stanford and the other at the Uni
versity of California, has been an
nounced by Professor William A.
Cooper, of the German department.
Responding to an invitation of the In
stitute of International Education, of
New York City, Professor Cooper and
a volunteer committee of Californians
raised funds sufficient to cover the re
quirements of the first year, 1927;
they also received assurances that
funds would be provided for two suc
ceeding years.
Reciprocating German Generosity
German universities have hospitably
provided free scholarships furnishing
tuition, board, and lodging for twenty
five American students, who are now
abroad. The object of these new fel
lowships is to return that generosity
by affording corresponding opportuni
ties for select German students to
become personally acquainted with
American educational institutions, and
gain a correct view of conditions in
this country.
Good Will Fostered
The Institute of International Edu
cation, which fosters the exchange of
teachers and students between the
United States and foreign countries,
was established in 1919 by the Carne
gie Endowment to develop interna
tional good will through educational
agencies, and to act as a clearing
house of scholastic information and
advice. It was at the Institute's sug
gestion that the local fellowship
money was raised.
Professor Cooper states that he has
already received three letters from
Germany inquiring about the Stanford
fellowship, and that he expects a great
manv more in the near future.
