# TICKET DISTRIBUTION
## 
### 
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
Tickets for the Founders' Day
concert to be given in the Me
morial Church next Wednesday
evening by the San Francisco
Symphony Orchestra will be
given out today in the lobby of
the Administration building to
holders of student body cards.
