# AWARD OF SCHOLARSHIPS
## 
### 
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
All University scholarships, except
those reserved for entering students, {
will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should bo filed
at the office of the Committee on I
Scholarship before April 15. Candi- |
dates for 1920-27, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to j
apply for renewals, should file now
applications at this time. Application !
blanks and further information may be
obtained at the office of the commit
tee.
