# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
KBNGSLEY
COACHING
CENTER
Stanford trained teachers
to assist lower division
students in all subjects.
128Kingsley P.A. 6223
Isabel D. Rose, Prin.
