# Eastern Games.
## 
### 
The following is the schedule of
big games in the East tomorrow:
Michigan vs. Pennsylvania.
Princeton vs. Carlisle Indians.
Vale vs. Connecticut State Col
lege.
Bowdoin vs. Bates.
The following is the schedule of
big games in the East tomorrow:
Michigan vs. Pennsylvania.
Princeton vs. Carlisle Indians.
Vale vs. Connecticut State Col
lege.
Bowdoin vs. Bates.
The following is the schedule of
big games in the East tomorrow:
Michigan vs. Pennsylvania.
Princeton vs. Carlisle Indians.
Vale vs. Connecticut State Col
lege.
Bowdoin vs. Bates.
The following is the schedule of
big games in the East tomorrow:
Michigan vs. Pennsylvania.
Princeton vs. Carlisle Indians.
Vale vs. Connecticut State Col
lege.
Bowdoin vs. Bates.
The following is the schedule of
big games in the East tomorrow:
Michigan vs. Pennsylvania.
Princeton vs. Carlisle Indians.
Vale vs. Connecticut State Col
lege.
Bowdoin vs. Bates.
The following is the schedule of
big games in the East tomorrow:
Michigan vs. Pennsylvania.
Princeton vs. Carlisle Indians.
Vale vs. Connecticut State Col
lege.
Bowdoin vs. Bates.
