# Probable Starter
## 
### 

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.

11. B. LEE, veteran eager,
probably will be a starting guard
Friday evening when the Indian
quintet opens its Coast Confer
ence season here against U.S.C.
