# Farm Instructor To Judge Murals
## 
### 
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
Professor Victor Arnautoff, in
structor in painting in the Depart
ment of Graphic Arts at Stanford,
has been called to Washington, D.C.,
to serve as a juror in judging mural
designs which have been submitted
for decoration of the new Rincon
Annex Post Office in San Francisco.
He has the honor of being the only
western artist serving on the jury.
The murals for this post office con
stitute one of the largest projects
given, out by the Fine Arts Section
of the government. It is estimated
that the job will come to about
$27,000 by the time it is complete.
Professor Arnautoff is exception
ally well qualified in this capacity.
He has executed five mural commis
sions for post offices and did the
murals for the George Washington
High School in San Francisco. He is
now absent from Stanford, doing the
murals for the South San Francisco
Post Office.
