# Green Declares Support of F.D.R.
## 
### 
SEATTLE. Oct. 6 (UP). â€” The
American Federation of Labor is
prepared to follow the Administra
tion if it becomes necessary to take
"more decisive action to protect the
freedom of the seas and democracy
throughout the world," President
William Green told the opening ses
sion of the AFL's 61st annual con
vention today.
With the statement "there are no
isolationists in the AFL," Green
said the federation was pledged to
the destruction of Naziism.
"Understanding more clearly the
issues at stake and the tragic conse
quences that must follow in the
event the forces of democracy are
beaten, we of the AFL are going to
rise to new heights; and we are go
ing to advise the President of the
United States that we will give all
we have in support of his program."
