# WRECKED BOMBER FOUND
## 
### 
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Oct. (j (UP).—
A searching party tonight reached
the wreckage of an army bomber on
the slopes of Can Francisco Peak
and reported that all six members
of the crew and passengers were
dead.
