# Rain Causes Cancelling Of Intramural Ball Games
## 
### 
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
The intramural baseball games j
slated for yesterday and today have
been cancelled on account of rain.
When the weather permits resump
tion of the schedule, the series will
not begin with the games which have
been missed but in the date order as
published. Teams which should have :
played on these days will meet at the
end of the season in a specially ;
arranged schedule.
