# NOTICE
## 
### 
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
All members of the track squad re
port at 7:15 o'clock in the Old Union
tonight.
