# Palmer, Former Debating President, Visits Campus
## 
### 
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
Burton W. Palmer, '24, visited the
campus Tuesday morning after an ab
sence of almost two years. He expects
to return immediately to Chicago
where he is engaged in the contract
ing business.
