# BRYN MAWR COLLEGE OFFERS FELLOWSHIPS TO WOMEN STUDENTS
## 
### 
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
The Carola Woerishoffer Graduate
Department of Social Economy and
Social Research, of Bryn Mawr Col
lege, has announced a limited number
of scholarships and fellowships for the
year 1926-1927.
Two Carola Woerishoffer Memorial
Fellowships of the value of $810, and
two Grace H. Dodge Memorial Fellow
ships of the same value, are to be
awarded on the ground of excellence
in scholarship to candidates who have
completed at least one year of gradu
ate work at some college of good
standing. A number of Memorial Schol
arships of the value of $350 each are
offered to candidates next in merit to
the successful candidates for the fel
lowships, and are open for competition
to graduates of any college of good
standing.
Applications for the fellowships
should be sent to the office of the Re
cording Dean, at Bryn Mawr College,
Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, as early as
possible. The application must be ac
companied by a complete official state
ment of the student's academic record,
together with letters of recommenda
tion from persons qualified to testify
as to the scholarship and character of
the applicant.
