# EUPHRONIA SOCIETY TO DEBATE MODERN EDUCATION'S VALUE
## W. L. Gosslin, G. T. Crocker To Be Chief Speakers In Informal Debate 
### 
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
"Resolved, That this house believes
education is a curse," will be the sub
ject of an informal debate to be held
by the Euphronia Debating Society at
7:30 o'clock tomorrow night in the
lobby of the Old Union.
William L. Gosslin will submit the
motion to the house and it will be
opposed by George N. Crocker. A vote
will be taken at the conclusion of the
discussion. The debate will be of the
Oxford type and the question is the
same as the one used for the Harvard,
Yale, and Princeton triangular de
bates this year.
The opportunity is open for all stu
dents desiring to join the debating
socity tomorrow night by delivering a
five-minute speech on the subject for
their tryout address. In order to try
out, each speaker must have attended
one previous meeting.
