# Orchestra Elects Officers.
## 
### 
At the meeting of the University
Orchestra last night the following
officers were elected: President,
Mies K. R. Kip, '04; secretary
treasurer, C. \V. Weiser, '05; busi
ness manager, V. E. Stork, '05.
These officers will form the board
of managers and committee on ex
penditure of money for the neces
sary music, rent of piano and other
instruments.
At the meeting of the University
Orchestra last night the following
officers were elected: President,
Mies K. R. Kip, '04; secretary
treasurer, C. \V. Weiser, '05; busi
ness manager, V. E. Stork, '05.
These officers will form the board
of managers and committee on ex
penditure of money for the neces
sary music, rent of piano and other
instruments.
At the meeting of the University
Orchestra last night the following
officers were elected: President,
Mies K. R. Kip, '04; secretary
treasurer, C. \V. Weiser, '05; busi
ness manager, V. E. Stork, '05.
These officers will form the board
of managers and committee on ex
penditure of money for the neces
sary music, rent of piano and other
instruments.
At the meeting of the University
Orchestra last night the following
officers were elected: President,
Mies K. R. Kip, '04; secretary
treasurer, C. \V. Weiser, '05; busi
ness manager, V. E. Stork, '05.
These officers will form the board
of managers and committee on ex
penditure of money for the neces
sary music, rent of piano and other
instruments.
At the meeting of the University
Orchestra last night the following
officers were elected: President,
Mies K. R. Kip, '04; secretary
treasurer, C. \V. Weiser, '05; busi
ness manager, V. E. Stork, '05.
These officers will form the board
of managers and committee on ex
penditure of money for the neces
sary music, rent of piano and other
instruments.
At the meeting of the University
Orchestra last night the following
officers were elected: President,
Mies K. R. Kip, '04; secretary
treasurer, C. \V. Weiser, '05; busi
ness manager, V. E. Stork, '05.
These officers will form the board
of managers and committee on ex
penditure of money for the neces
sary music, rent of piano and other
instruments.
At the meeting of the University
Orchestra last night the following
officers were elected: President,
Mies K. R. Kip, '04; secretary
treasurer, C. \V. Weiser, '05; busi
ness manager, V. E. Stork, '05.
These officers will form the board
of managers and committee on ex
penditure of money for the neces
sary music, rent of piano and other
instruments.
