# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
Announcement
THE NEW LOWER
FLOOR DEPARTMENTS
Open Today (Tuesdayi
•
They include four com
plete departments
LUGGAGE
COTTON DRESSES
DOMESTIC LINENS
and DRAPERIES
•
AISLE 'O PLAY
FEATURING—
ACTIVE SPORTS AP
PAREL
SWIM SUITS
RIDING HABITS
SUN SUITS
TENNIS SUITS, ETC.
•
Wal si:erfc
PALO ALTO
