# Indian Resents Jail For Wife-Chastising
## 
### 
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
ALTURAS, April 20 (/P).—Hus
bands should be allowed to chastise
their wives, Craven Gibson, Indian,
said from a jail cell here today.
Officer Ed King had hurried to an
Indian camp when he heard a howl
ing and shrieking. King said Gib
son had just finished thrashing his
squaw and appeared resentful that
the paleface tenets prevented a man
from using a wagon spoke as a per
suader.
