# Library's Friday Night Drawing Power Drops
## 
### 
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
The spectacular drop in library attendance
last Friday night from the record of the pre
vious two Friday nights of the quarter, brings
up the Sunday-night-opening question all over
again.
The Friday night polls indicate unusual
conditions. The Sunday night trials of last
quarter were also taken under the unusual
conditions that they were just before finals,
that thev were novel introductions, that many
students had not acquired a Sunday night
study habit, and that many students had not
heard of it.
'fhe Library has always shown itself ex
tremely considerate of student opinion. There
is no controversy between the Libe and the
students. The Library has considered its in
dex of student opinion, comparative attend
ance figures.
However, until the time that there is devel
oped a more widespread and accurate poll of
student opinion than the one taken of students
studying in the Libe last Friday night, the (>(>
per cent of the students favoring Sunday night
opening may be considered significant.
