# 'ANYTHING FUNNY O.K.' IS OLD BOY'S POLICY FOR MAY CHAPARRAL
## 
### 
"Anything Funny Goes" will be the
policy of the Old Boy in selecting ma
terial for the May Number which will
not specialize on any particular fea
ture. Absolute deadline has been set
at Wednesday, April 25, but artists
and jokesters contemplating con
tributing to this issue are asked to
submit their copy as early as pos
sible.
Verse is particularly in demand as
are two-line jokes an dhumorous copy
of about 200 words. The Old Boy is
also looking for a humorous story,
essay, or parody of about 1500 words
or less. No limit has been set on the
range of topics or types of art work.
Hunches are not declared necessary
for drawings, the Chappie staff feel
ing competent of finding gags for
hunchless contributions.
This will mark the last opportunity
tor freshmen to compete for the lov
ing cup offered for "Stanford's Most
Foolish Freshman," as Hammer and
Coffin Society will decide the winner
at the same time they will have elec
tions of new members to the Society,
which will be before the appearance
of the June issue.
