# STEEL SOCIETY WILL HOLD APRIL MEETING ON CAMPUS TONIGHT
## 
### 
Golden Gate chapter of the Arneri-;
can Society for Steel Treating will ;
hold its April meeting on the campus
tonight.
Following the dinner at 6:30 o'clock
in the Union dining room, students
will conduct members on a tour
through the shops and laboratories
where all machinery and apparatus
will be in operation. Students in
charge will explain the use of their
exhibits.
About 9:30 o'clock, after the inspec
tion is over, the members will meet

in the geology lecture room where j
Dean Theodore J. Hoover of the \
I School of Engineering will speak on
the "History of the Development of
the Use of Metals," and Professor
Arthur B. Domonoske of the Mechan
ical Engineering department will talk
'on the "Relation between Cutting
Power of Metals and Their Heat
Treatment."
