# TRIAL BALLOT SHOWS CHOICE OF COLLEGES
## 
### 
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
Thus far all but four or five of the
forty-five colleges conducting trial
balloting have turned in their results
to The Independent, a national week
ly, which is sponsoring the plan. The
grand total of the colleges to date is
as follows: Hoover 23,445, Smith
14,049, Dawes 3,374, Reed 2,425, Low
den 2,227, Ritchie 1.39G, Walsh 1,226,
Donahey 518, Willis 449, and Curtis
292.

Five women's colleges took part:
Wellesley, Mt. Holyoke, Smith, Bryn
Mawr, and Connecticut.
