# WOMEN WILL VOTE ON TRACK CAPTAINS TODAY
## 
### 
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
Election of class captains for the
ireshman and Benior women's track
squads will be held today and tomor
row. Nominations for all classes were
held Monday and yesterday, but Har
riet Sutton, sophomore, and Marion
Klocksen, junior, were elected cap
tains of their respective teams on a
white ballot.
Candidates for the first-year leader
ship are Ruth Klawaon and Ninl Jago.
Those for senior captain aro Adelaide
Pottenger and Emu Deinond.
