# CAVALERO WINS JOFFRE DEBATE MEDAL AT U.C.
## Advantages of Locarno Pact Over League of Nations Is Winning Topic Stuart Strong of California Takes Second Place in Annual Contest 
### 
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
BERKELEY, April 17—(Special to
Stanford Dally) — Philip Cavalero,
Stanford varsity debater, was award
ed the Joffre Debate Medal tonight
for making the best speech on the
subject, "Resolved, That France can
exert greater influence for world
peace through regional understand
ing such as the Locarno Pact than
through world associations such as
the League of Nations." Cavalero
spoke on the affirmative side of the
question.
Stuart Strong, of California, was
adjudged second best speaker. The
subject, chosen by Charles E. Martin,
dean of the College of Social Sciences
at the University of Washington, was
announced two hours before the de
bate. Cavalero and Robert Hume, of
Stanford, as well as Strong and San
lord Goldner, of California, spoke on
the affirmative. Herbert Wenig and
Louis Heilbron, of California, op
posed the question.

Cavalero defended the Locarno
Pact on the grounds that it afforded
practical means for peace which must
come before any attempt to secure
world peace can be made. He showed
where the League of Nations had
failed in specific cases, while the
Locarno Pact succeeded in reducing
the size of the French army and in

withdrawing troops from the Ruhr
region, both peace measures.
Edward Rowell, professor of public j
speaking at the University of Califor
nia, presided at the debate, Judges
were: Federal Judge Walter H. Ker
rigan, Judge John W. Preston, and
H. U. Brandenstein, San Francisco
attorney. •
Attendance at the debate was very
large and all speakers were little |
short of eloquent. Both Hume and
Wenig of Stanford acquitted them
selves well, in face of hard competi
tion from the California speakers.
