# STUDY LA HONDA ROAD ROCKS
## 
### 
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
Faults and folds along the La Honda
road were studied by students from
Professor U. S. Grant's geology sec
tions on Thursday and Friday. Five
cars were filled with students for
each trip, which covered 40 miles.
