# One Hundred Thirty-One Women Remain at Roble
## 
### 
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
'Although a number of women students
concluded their work at the University
with the end of the first term of the
summer quarter, both dining rooms at
,Roble continue open with twenty of the
.twenty-seven tables still in use.
The population of the hall now totals
131. Sixty-two students had left by yes
terday afternoon and a few more have
completed their work and will also go.
From incomplete records it appears
probable that the number of men to de
part from Encina, Toyon, and the Union
is even smaller than the delegation of
women to depart from Roble. The office
of the Dean of Men announced yesterday
that thirty-two men had received rebates
on their room rent.
