# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
Wesleyan and Amherst have an an
nual mass tennis meet in which a
twenty-six man team represents each
college.
