# Volunteer Subscriptions
## 
### 
The fund for the volunteer me
morial is growing very slowly.
The amount contributed by "the
students yesterday during the elec
tion amounted to only twenty-eight
dollars and fifty cents. A much
larger sum was expected, and those
who have the matter in charge were
very much disappointed. The stu
dents will probably be given an
other chance to show their patriot
ism in the near future. Only a few
of the faculty have been seen, but
Iho e who have been asked to con
tribute have done so generously,
and up to date they have given
eighteen dollars and seventy-five
cents. When the rest of the mem
bers have been seen the fund will
probably be greatly increased.
