# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
In Japan, musical show programs
usually list the addresses and tele
phone numbers of each chorus girl.
