# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
Mrs. Simpson will do a lot to
bring British pride down to earth.
—Hulme.
