# Tau Beta Pi To Initiate Engineers
## 
### 
Ten engineers will be initiated]
into Tau Beta Pi, honorary engineer
ing fraternity, Wednesday night, an
nounced Francis Cahill, president.
Selection of the new members was
based on their being in the upper
quarter in scholarship of those stu
dents registered in the School of En
gineering, along with other require
ments.
Those to be initiated are John
Scales, Oliver Meigs, Hugh Mac-
Phcrson, Walt Powell, Charles Prew- |
ett. Ralph Quails, Dick Hodgson, i
seniors. Marion Wheeler, John Mor- ,
rill, Walt Vincenti, juniors.
The fraternity was founded in â– 
1885 at Lehigh University and is sec- ]
ond to Phi Beta Kappa in age and j
scholarship rating. The Stanford
Gamma chapter was established in :
1935.
