# Hoover Home Location Told
## 
### 
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
Coming to the aid of many
generations of bewildered Stan
ford students, The Daily takes
time out to give specific direc
tions to the secluded residence
of ex-President Herbert Hoo
ver. Of course, we wanted to
know, too.
Starting at the Union, go up
the Row to Dolores Street,
which is the sixth street on the
right. Turn to the right and
follow Dolores Street in this
direction for four blocks to
Mirada Avenue and again turn
to the right. One block farther
on Mirada the road splits, the
right hand drive being guarded
by a chain and a "private
property" sign.
The large white stucco house
that can be seen through the
trees on this private avenue
is the Hoover home.
