# Frosh Gridmen Point for Bears
## 
### 
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
Stanford's frosh football team is
pointing for its final contest of the
season—the all-important Little Big
Game November 9. The Papooses
will take their tussle with the San
Jose State first-year eleven Satur
day in stride.
That much was evident from yes
terday's practice, in which the men
of '39 scrimmaged throughout the
session. Team A, the regular first
string with two new men, took the
offensive against Team B, composed
mainly of second-stringers, and
drove down the field for several
touchdowns.
With John West in Fred Gustaf
son's guard position, and Irv Cum
mings, now in perfect shape, at left
end, the line showed better charge
yesterday than at any previous time.
Plays were run from the box right
formation, with Pete Fay and Jack
Huebel alternating at left halfback.
Walt Hege, another left end, was
still limping.
The Spartan frosh have an unim
pressive record, but their kicking is
good and the team carries a passing
threat; so they may bolster the
Cardinals for a while. Unless the
unexpected occurs, the Stanford
coaches will use the game primarily
to determine their strongest line-up
for the Bear Cub struggle a week
later.
