# Coal Act Defense Opens Test Trial
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 29 (/P).—A
denunciation and a defense of the
constitutionally disputed GufTey
Coal Act today opened legal pro
ceedings toward a test of the law by
the Supreme Court.
Initiating the first test trial in
volving the infant new deal law,
counsel for the Carter Coal Com
pany's president assailed the legisla
tion as based on premise designed to
"nationalize all industry."
