# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
Frank Alustiza is the proud
possessor of a gold open-faced
watch given him yesterday by
his team-mates.
For further information see
"Slants."
