# Briefly
## 
### 
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
Minorities in business
The Asian, Black and Chicano Bus
iness Students' Associations of the
Graduate School of Business will
jointly sponsor a program today on
"Minorities in Business: Perspec
tives and Personal Experiences." To
be held in GSB 86, the program will
feature speakers from the business
world in a panel discussion from 2 to
3:30 p.m. Small groups will then be
held until 5 p.m.
