# Daily Features Special
## It's not child's play down on the Farm 
### Susan Wels 
A look at costs of childbirth and care, the midwife debate and being a kid at Stanford

Most of us are grudgingly
getting used to the rising cost
of living. Though we groan
about expensive bills and price
tags, they no longer surprise
us.
But what about the cost of
giving life?
Unlike the price of beer and
gasoline, the cost of having a
baby does not affect most Stan
ford students until they have
left the university But those
who think the stork delivers
cheaply may be in for a sur
prise.
In California, 99 per cent of
all children are born in hospi
tals. Since 1950, the cost of
hospital care has risen more
than 1000 per cent and the
price of a day in a hospital bed
hasclimbedfromsls.62in 1950
to $175.08 in 1976, according to
the Department of Consumer

Affairs.
If you plan to have a baby at
Stanford Medical Center, you
can expect to spend between
$1000 and $1600, according to
Patient Admitting Supervisor
Susan Emanuelson. And if
complications occur, the price
goes up.
Day by day
The cost at Stanford includes
$480 for pre-natal and post
partum care, $60 to $70 for lab

work and a $1000 deposit for a
three-day hospital stay. If you
stay only one day, you pay
$550; for two days, you pay
$775.
Childbirth costs are not co
vered under most health insur
ance plans.
"Any insurance is predicated
on spreading the cost over a
large group of people. Some
will use (the service), some
won't," said Dr. James
McClenahan, director of Cow
ell Student Health Center.
"Pregnancy is a difficult
thing to insure since it's elec
tive for the most part,"
McClenahan added.
For those who can't afford
the expense of a regular hospi
tal birth, which includes
three-day hospitalization,
there are alternatives. But
some of them are controver
sial.

"There are people in Escon
dido Village who are delivering
(their babies) at home with lay
midwives, partly because of
the expense," said Connie
Starr, a nurse-practitioner at
Cowell. But, as Starr noted,
"lay midwives are illegal," and
the safety of home births has
been questioned by many
obstetricians and health care
officials.
"We are very concerned

about home births because of
unexpected problems that
might arise," said Dr. Robert
Jaffe, head of obstetrics and
gynecology at U.C. Medical
Center. "We've seen some real
catastrophes here."
But others, like Dr. Don
Creevy of Palo Alto, claim that
home births are an acceptable,
even an attractive, alternative,
if properly supervised. Most
doctors, however, will not
consent to deliver babies at
home.
According to Creevy, who
does attend home births, many
obstetricians feel that if
women are "dumb enough to
have ti home birth, then they
deserve it if something goes
wrong."
Midwives are the most ac
cessible home birth attendants
in California, but because they
are not legally allowed to prac

tice, most of them are careful
not to operate too openly. Lay
midwives charge up to $400 for
their services.
Most fears about lay mid
wives center on their lack of
formal training and some mid
wives confess they wish they
had more medical
background. But midwives
claim that so long as they are
illegal, such training is difficult,
if not impossible, to get.

Last May, a bill was intro
duced before the California
Legislature which would pro
vide for the standardized train
ing and certification of mid
wives.
Known as the "Midwife Prac
tice Act of 1978," AB 1896
would provide "a professional
expert in normal childbirth as
an alternate care provider" to
complement existing mater
nity care.
If the bill is passed, training
for midwives would be guaran
teed and certified midwives
would only be permitted to at
tend carefully screened, de
monstrably normal births.
Potential savings
The new bill could represent
"a potential savings of up to 50
per cent for each maternity
care consumer, depending on
their choice of childbirth set
ting," according to a Depart
ment of Consumer Affairs re
port. "If only 10 per cent of
maternity care consumers use
midwives, this saving would
reach $20 million annually,"
the report stated.
Nurse-midwives are a less
expensive and totally legal al
ternative to traditional mater
nity care. They are required by
law to be registered nurses and
to practice only under the di
rect supervision of a doctor.
Fees for nurse-midwives are
usually around $700, but cur
rently there are only 65
nurse-midwives practicing in
California. Neither Stanford
Medical Center, El Camino
Hospital nor the Palo Alto
Medical Clinic offers a nurse
midwife service.
San Francisco General Hos
pital, however, does employ
four to five nurse-midwives
full-time, and if you are a San
Francisco resident, you can get
full care from them for only
$550. The fee includes all pre
natal care, as well as lab fees,
hospitalization for up to five
days, and even a Caesarean
section, if needed.
Alternative birth centers
There is yet another option
available for parents who want
to have their baby in a hospital,
but would like to do so less ex
pensively. Both Mt. /ion Hos
pital and San Francisco General
have instituted "alternative
birth centers," home-like envi
ronments within the hospital

walls in which a mother may
labor, deliver, and remain with
her child after birth. If she
chooses, she can go home six
hours after delivery.
The cost of using the birth
center at Mt. Zion is $450 plus
doctor's fees. Use of the birth
center at San Francisco Gen
eral is included in the nurse
midwife package.
Stanford University is con
cerned about the high cost of
childbirth care, according to
James Lyons, dean of student
affairs.
"We have a population at
Stanford where 45 per cent of

the students are graduate stu
dents, and some percentage of
them are married. That's a
population that's likely to be
involved in childbearing,"
Lyons said.
Difficulties they encounter
are "likely to affect their roles
as students," Lyons said, "and
if expenses are extraordinary,"
the university may want to look
for "lower cost alternatives."
Stanford Medical Center has
established an Alternate Birth
Committee to "provide mod
ification of traditional prac
tices, maintenance of the in
tegrity of the family unit and

the greatest safety to mother
and infant."
Lack of space in the hospital,
however, has so far restricted
alternative birthing to a mod
ification of procedures rather
than the establishment of a
birth center, said Barbara Pet
ree, clinical nursing coor
dinator for labor and delivery.
Stanford Medical Center has
changed its billing structure
"to reflect the fact that our
costs are lower in alternative
birthing, according to )udy
Schmidt, perinatal coor
dinator.


Price of parenting
