# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
INDIANS*.
i
This is a shoe in
to be the greatest
romance ever. Don
Juan and Clark.
Now you may not
know right away why
Don Juan admired
more than anyone the
guy from England
who makes Desert
Boots at only 12.95
at R A, but you’ll stop
wondering the minute
you fry on a pair of
these comfortable
shoes for Don Juans.
RQOS/ATKINS
i
■
■
■
I
i
■
a
i
■
B
■
1
1
9
*
