# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
Editors Clarify
Forum Issue
The Daily is concerned that
yesterday’s article on the a<l
ininist ration-LASSU disagree
ment on the Forum Issue may
liave misrepresented the Uni
versity’s position. It is our
understanding that the Uni
versity’s position relates only
to the Forum’s right to pre
sent speakers and not to its
right to existence.
—The Editors
