# PRE-REG CHAIRMEN
## 
### 
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
Students interested in
serving as freshmen or
transfer pre-reg chairmen for
next autumn quarter, please
call Peter Van Petten at ext.
4331.
