# Appointed Instructor at Princeton.
## 
### 
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
J. S. Hook, '10. has accepted a posi
tion as instructor of geology at Prince
ton.
