# Adv. 19 Page 10
## 
### 
sbmkbm@gmail.com
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6prn.
Need car/CDL/clean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
ATH family needs help w/2 kids,
7&10 -2:30-6:00 2-3 days/wk
lalboat@comcast.net 6503263283
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
inquirers and a short bio to:
skyslimit@hotmail.com
$$ SPERM DONORS NEEDED $$
Earn up to $100/ donation. Healthy
MEN, wanted for California
Cryobank's sperm donor
program. APPLY ONLINE:
www.spermbank.com
. EXCEPTIONAL EGG DONORS NEED
ED
$8000-$l5OOO for qualified
committed applicants. All
ethnicities needed. Special need
for Jewish, Asian, East Indian
donors. Close personal support
by exper, 6 time donor. Dawn@
858-391 -8393 Complete info
@www.Fertility Alternatives.com/
eggdonors
Happily married Stanford alum
seeking anonymous egg donor to
complete our loving family. If
you're age 20-29, healthy, and
have a big heart, please
consider helping us in the fall.
Your time and effort will be
generously compensated. Contact
donor@fpnc.com or visit
www.eggdonationinformation.com.
Looking for women to help
infertile couples. As an Egg
Donor you can give a Priceless
Gift, in return you will receive
