# Adv. 29 Page 8
## 
### 
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
JOASIS
]» t.Mr rvtedng
atmosphw*
; 326-8896
241 B Camtno
• ■ - fl-,|.
RWflO r«rK
J| vi*
; THE BOARD WALK
4MOB.CAMMO
! LOS ALTOS
CZ^V^ore
couples
come to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND RINGS
BKCA USh:
They liaie shopped and
compared and have found that
Carlvlc's prices art never
higher and in must instances,
are substantially lower than
prices elsewhere - for the
same fine quality Diamonds.
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
CONVENIENT TERMS
Carhile
J JEWCLtn*
535 Bryant StrMt
Downtown Polo Alt*
323-2834
Recycle
the
Daily
)
