# Students Answer Challenge; Three Shave During Class
## 
### 
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
(P.1.P.A.), Feb. 4. —Three juniors in
Professor Ira B. Cross' advanced Eco
nomics course recently responded un
expectedly to a challenge dropped by
the professor in a criticism of the
co-eds who publicly powder, paint, and
comb. The professor said that no man
would have the nerve to shave in
public, and that if by chance any man
would do so, he would receive an "A"
in the raid-term grade. At the next
meeting of the class three men pro
ceeded to shave themselves while
Professor Cross lectured. The profes
sor and class enjoyed a hearty laugh,
and the students will receive their
*'A's."

Honor students at Wesleyan College
are allowed to select and concentrate
on one of the five conventional senior
courses.
