# Syllabus Bills Mailed to Students; Payable Tuesday
## 
### 
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
Bills for syllabus fees were mailed
out today, and are payable next Tues-;
day from 7:30 to 5 o'clock in the
Administration building. Any correc
tions should be made at the Regis- j
trar's office before Tuesday, as no
deductions will be made for late cor-!
rections.
Checks may be mailed at any time,
but must be in the mail by Tuesday.
Late payments will be subject to the j
regular fines.
