# Lagunita Will Hold Open House Friday
## 
### 
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
Lagunita will hold an open house
this Friday after the Santa Clara
basketball game, Betty Derrah, gen
eral chairman, announced today.
"This will be like the open house
Lagunita held last year after the
U.C.L.A. game," she said, "only bet
ter, because we will know more
about it this year. Everyone on
campus is invited this year as last
year.
