# Job Interview Signups
## 
### 
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
Aeronntronic, Division of Ford
."Motor Company: April 13. Open
ings in Research and Develop
ment Division, Newport Beach,
Calif. Requires 8.5., M.S., Ph.D.
in M.E., A.E., Electronics, Engi
neering Science, Physics. Mat he
matics. Physical Chemistry. U.S.
citizens only.
A. 11. Meyer Company: April 13.
Openings in Sales Trainee Depart
ment, Bay Area. Requires M.B.A.
Food Machinery and Chemical
Corporation: April 12. Openings
for men in all divisions and cor
porate offices, throughout U.S.
Requires 8.5., M.S.. Ph.D. in
Chem. E.. M.B.A. with either En
gineering undergraduate or Ec
onomics degree. U.S. citizens pre
ferred.
Office of the District Director,
Internal Revenue Service: April
13. Openings for men and women
in the Audit Division. Requires
Accounting, M.8.A.. LL.B., B.S.
for Internal Revenue Agent (Ac
countant); Estate Tax Examiner
(Law i; Tex Examiner and Office
Auditor (Business Administra
tion); Revenue Officer (Business
Administration). Openings for
women as Tax Examiner (office
Auditors). U.S. citizens only.
Ryan Electronics: April 13.
Openings for men in Electonic
Products, Advance Design, Engr.
Design, Field Services, Reliability.
San Diego. Requires 8.5., M.S.,
Ph.D. in Physics, Engineering
Physics, or Mathematics. Inter
viewing for summer employment
as part of regular schedule. In
terested in Advanced Degree
students only in E.E., Physics,
Engineering Physics, or Mathe
matics. U.S. citizens only.
San Juan Unified School Dis
trict: ApYil 13. Openings for men
and women in teaching positions,
Carmichael, Calif. All levels. U.S.
citizens only.
