# ANOTHER GRASS FIRE
## 
### 
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
The Stanford Fire Department ex
tinguished a small grass fire yester
day at 11:35 a.m. on the property of
the old Lathrop estate where the
Ford Foundation is building a cen
ter to study behavioral sciences.
