# 'Price of Peace' To Be Outlined
## 
### 
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
"The Price of Peace Your
Concern" will be the subject of a
speech this afternoon by Dr. John
L. Peters, president of World
Neighbors, Inc.
Peters, who has recently re
turned from an extended visit to
the underdeveloped peoples in
Asia, Africa and the Middle East,
will talk at Bowman Alu m n i
House at 4:15. He spent several
months observing and assisting
the programs of World Neighbors
in these lands.
World Neighbors is a people-to
people movement sponsoring
practical programs of training in
literacy, agriculture and public
health based on the principle of
encouraging the villagers to use
the resources they have at hand.
Over 2000 vi 1 1 a g e s have been
reached with these self-help pro
grams.
This organization began in 1951
and now has nearly 10,000 mem
bers in the United States.


DR. JOHN L. PKTKRK
World Neighbors President
