# Overnight Reg Ends Today
## 
### 
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
Today is the deadline for all
groups sponsoring Big Game
overnights to register with the
ASStI Office, (not women stu
dents, as appeared in yester
day's Daily).
Registrations should he tiled
with ASSU Vice President Julie
| Hirsch.
