# ALASKA'S POPULATION
## 
### 
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
Alaska's 211,000 people includes
some 40,000 Eskimos and Indians,
descendants of prehistoric immi
grants from Asia, according to
National Geographic Magazine.
