# Prof Receives Order of Merit
## 
### 
Professor Kurt F. Reinhardt of
the Modern Language Depart
ment has been awarded the deco
ration of the Encomienda of the
Order of Civil Merit by the gov
ernment of Spain.
This was in acknowledgment of
his efforts to spread understand
ing of Spanish culture in the
United States. The award is cus
tomarily made 011 Columbus Day.
He said that it came as a com
plete surprise. Professor Rein
hardt added that his main contri
bution has been the translation of
Spanish literary works. He is at
present working on "The Agony
of Christianity."
In 1938. he was awarded the
Moraga Crest by St. Mary's Col
lege for his part in promoting
We s t er n European traditions
here. Dr. Reinhardt has been
with the faculty for 30 years.
