# MANZANITA OFFICERS
## 
### 
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
Manzanita officers are Karen
Doran, president; Kathy Doe,
social chairman: Myrna MeEl
hany, secretary; Lolly Linquist,
treasurer; Dawn Nicolosi, house
committee; and Mary G. Mersky,
scholarship.
