# Scabbard and Blade at U. of Illinois Elects Former Stanford Cadet
## 
### 
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
Acting under the authority of the
constitution of Scabbard and Blade,
national military organization com
posed of cadet officers at various uni
versities, permission has been granted
to initiate Robert B. Ardell, Jr., for
merly a student at Stanford and a
member of the Stanford field artillery
unit, into that organization.
Ardell transferred from Stanford to
the University of Illinois a year ago
and will be initiated by F Company,
First Regiment of Scabbard and Blade
at Illinois.
