# Jordan Will Give Lectures In Bionomics This Fall
## 
### 
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
T)r. Jordan luis consented to again
give some lectures in the course in
bionomics, Entomology 116. These lec
tures will be given on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 11 o'clock in Room 430',
Zoology building.
Any one interested in availing him
self of this opportunity to hear Dr.
Jordan should sec Professor I)oane
Room 431) who lias charge of this
course, as early as possible.
