# SOPHOMORE TRYOUTS
## 
### 
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
Sophomores have their last
chances to sign up for baseball
managerial tryouts today and to
morrow, according to Verne Brown,
senior manager. The work satisfies
lower division physical education
requirements, as well as giving a
unit of credit to upper division men.
Brown will be at his desk in the
B.A.C. until 3:30 o'clock each after
noon.
