# W.A.A. TEAMS WILL START TWO-COURT BASKETBALL GAME
## 
### 
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
Two-court basketball, instead of
the old type with three courts, will
be played by the members of the
"500" this quarter, because of the
size of the new courts.
The new system being introduced
differs from the former one only in
that there arc three forwards and
three guards on each team; other
wise the same rules hold good. One
player acts as jump as well as for
ward. By this plan more room is
allowed for pass-work among the
forwards with a corresponding in
crease in speed.
A class for those who have never
played basketball will be held Mon
day, Tuesday, and Thursday after
noons at 2 o'clock, from which
players may be transferred to the
advanced classes if improvement is
shown.
