# Dulles Raps Egyptians' China Policy
## Sec. of State Claims Nasser Recognition Will Strengthen Reds 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 22 (UP) â€”
Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles today deplored Egypt's
recognition of Red China on
grounds it would tend to expand
the influence of world Commu
nism.
Dulles also flatly denied this
country was told in advance about
Russia's recent military man
power slash announcement. He
refused to label as a "lie" a re
ported statement by Communist
party boss Nikita S. Khruschev
that such advance notice had been
given.
The secretary told his news con
ference the United States regrets
Egyptian Premier Gamal Aedel
action in recognizing
Communist China.
He said this government sympa
thizes with Nasser when he takes
reasonable steps to push his coun
try's independence. But to the ex
tent that he takes actions to ex
tend the interests of the Soviet
Union and Red China, the govern
ment is not in sympathy with him,
Dulles declared.
The secretary's statement was
warmly endorsed by Senate Re
publican leader William F. Know
land. He said Egypt's action will
be "ultimately detrimental to the
cause of peace in the world, par
ticularly at a time when the Chi
nese Communists are in violation
of the terms of the Korean Armis
tice."
Dpspite Dulles' blunt words,
American officials have not given
up hope that Nasser will remain
reasonably friendly to the West.
