# Quadicisms
## 
### 
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
Don Fehrenbaclier, history pro
lessor, telling about the tremen
dous amount of silt carried by the
Colorado River to its mouth in
Mexico: "In geological time Mex
ico is thus regaining some of ihe
land she lost to the United States
in 1848."
Allan 11. KiJiel, instructor of
history, about bank loans: "The
only way to get a loan is to prove
that you don't need it."
Richard Kruus, English instruc
tor, on the phrase "damn beer" in
a student's piece of narration:
"Most males would take a more
reverent attitude."
