# Budget, Hostel On LASSU Agenda
## 
### 
With an agenda covering every
thing from budgets to hostels,
Legislature will gather tonight at
7:30 in Bowman Alumni House.
Topping the list will be consid
eration of next year's ASSU bud
get, according to Vice-President
Helen Zarifes. She expects the
budget to pass tonight.
Legislature will also debate the
proposal for presenting the en
larged student hostel plan to the
University and hear a report' by
Chuck Reynolds on planning for
the Model United Nations session
to be held here next spring.
A new plan for revision of the
graduate s t u d en t organization
will be heard, according to Miss
Za rifes.
