# Manager Posts Open For Informer, Dividex
## 
### 
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
Those interested in managing
the advertising publications In
former and Dividex should file
their applications this week.
Applications go to Nada Skid
more, chairman of Publications
Council, at the Daily Shack.
