# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
HELP AT HAND
y =
WITH A PICK-ME-UP from Shelia
Robbins, Helene Ferester hangs her
papier-mache doll up to dry. Ms.
Robbins was a counselor at a March
of Dimes summer camp for handi
capped youngsters. She and other
college work-study students are
helping the March of Dimes in its
mission—protection of the unborn
and the newborn.
