# AIRPLANE ADVERTISES JOHNSON'S CANDIDACY
## 
### 
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
Airplane advertising is the latest de
velopment in the race for the presiden
tial nomination. Today during the noon
hour Stanford students were surprised
to see the Carnival Airplane encircling
the campus and scattering election prop
aganda. Small pices of paper bearing
the sign "Vote for Johnson for Presi
dent" were strewn past the post-office
and up the Row. On the paper there
was an appeal for the California voters
to follow the lead of five other states
of the nation and nominate Hiram John
son. the former governor of the state
and present United States senator.
