# CANOES ON LAGUNITA ARE NOW AVAILABLE
## 
### 
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
With the coming of spring, lake sports
on Lagunita have begun again. Diving
hoards are being placed at the boathnuse
for the swimmers, and canoes will be
available from 3 p. m. until 10 p. m. on
weekdays, and all day on Saturdays and
Sundays, at a charge of fifty ccnts an
hour. The swimming test, which is re
quired by the University of all students
using canoes on the lake, will be con
ducted for the women by Mrs. Brands
ten at Roble pool and for the men every
afternoon after 3 nVlnrk at the lake.
