# V.J. WEST EXPLAINS POLITICAL PARTIES
## 
### 
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
The political parties, while practically
meaningless in policy, have a definite
place in affairs in America, and can be
factors in Americanization if they of
fer a definite policy, was the statement
of Professor Victor J. West, speaking at
the Community House in Palo Alto last
night, under the auspices of the Ameri
can Legion. Professor West traced the
rise of the great parties in the United
States and the policies for which they
have stood, lie defined a party as an
association of individuals having similar
views, working together for the accom
'■lishment of a common end. Parties
will do whatever will get them votes
and-thus cannot take a definite stand on
most issues. The speaker said that the
alien, coming to this country from one
where parties have definite programs,
are apt to join the Socialist Party in
America as the one having a definite
policy.
