# Joyner-Kersee wins Sullivan
## 
### 
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Jackie
Joyner-Kersee, who set world
records twice in the seven-event
heptathlon last year, was named
the 1986 winner of the Sullivan
Award as the nation's top amateur
athlete Monday night.
Joyner-Kersee became the 34th
track and field performer and the

eighth woman to receive the pres
tigious award in its 67-year his
tory. It was the first time ever
women received the award in suc
cessive years. Distance runner
Joan Benoit-Samuelson, who pre
sented Joyner-Kersee with the
award, was last year's honoree.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Jackie
Joyner-Kersee, who set world
records twice in the seven-event
heptathlon last year, was named
the 1986 winner of the Sullivan
Award as the nation's top amateur
athlete Monday night.
Joyner-Kersee became the 34th
track and field performer and the

eighth woman to receive the pres
tigious award in its 67-year his
tory. It was the first time ever
women received the award in suc
cessive years. Distance runner
Joan Benoit-Samuelson, who pre
sented Joyner-Kersee with the
award, was last year's honoree.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Jackie
Joyner-Kersee, who set world
records twice in the seven-event
heptathlon last year, was named
the 1986 winner of the Sullivan
Award as the nation's top amateur
athlete Monday night.
Joyner-Kersee became the 34th
track and field performer and the

eighth woman to receive the pres
tigious award in its 67-year his
tory. It was the first time ever
women received the award in suc
cessive years. Distance runner
Joan Benoit-Samuelson, who pre
sented Joyner-Kersee with the
award, was last year's honoree.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Jackie
Joyner-Kersee, who set world
records twice in the seven-event
heptathlon last year, was named
the 1986 winner of the Sullivan
Award as the nation's top amateur
athlete Monday night.
Joyner-Kersee became the 34th
track and field performer and the

eighth woman to receive the pres
tigious award in its 67-year his
tory. It was the first time ever
women received the award in suc
cessive years. Distance runner
Joan Benoit-Samuelson, who pre
sented Joyner-Kersee with the
award, was last year's honoree.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Jackie
Joyner-Kersee, who set world
records twice in the seven-event
heptathlon last year, was named
the 1986 winner of the Sullivan
Award as the nation's top amateur
athlete Monday night.
Joyner-Kersee became the 34th
track and field performer and the

eighth woman to receive the pres
tigious award in its 67-year his
tory. It was the first time ever
women received the award in suc
cessive years. Distance runner
Joan Benoit-Samuelson, who pre
sented Joyner-Kersee with the
award, was last year's honoree.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Jackie
Joyner-Kersee, who set world
records twice in the seven-event
heptathlon last year, was named
the 1986 winner of the Sullivan
Award as the nation's top amateur
athlete Monday night.
Joyner-Kersee became the 34th
track and field performer and the

eighth woman to receive the pres
tigious award in its 67-year his
tory. It was the first time ever
women received the award in suc
cessive years. Distance runner
Joan Benoit-Samuelson, who pre
sented Joyner-Kersee with the
award, was last year's honoree.
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Jackie
Joyner-Kersee, who set world
records twice in the seven-event
heptathlon last year, was named
the 1986 winner of the Sullivan
Award as the nation's top amateur
athlete Monday night.
Joyner-Kersee became the 34th
track and field performer and the

eighth woman to receive the pres
tigious award in its 67-year his
tory. It was the first time ever
women received the award in suc
cessive years. Distance runner
Joan Benoit-Samuelson, who pre
sented Joyner-Kersee with the
award, was last year's honoree.
