# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
Reflecting
Stanford
is our handsome die
stamped Stanford sta
tionery. The gold or sil
ver seal is embossed on
fine paper; shades of
gray, buff, and white.
made specially for
1 J
