# SPEARS COACHES MINNESOTA
## 
### 
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
Football destinies of the University
of Minnesota seem to be pointed to a
bright future as a result of the addi
tion to the ocaching staff of Dr. Clar
ence W. Spears, known as one of the
greatest gridiron startegists in the
East.
