# Women Draw Today For Room Changes
## 
### 
Women who signed up yester
day to change their residence win
ter quarter will draw their num
ber which determines the order of
their choosing today in the office
of Miss Anastasia Doyle, assistant
Dean of Women.
If they wish to cancel their re
quest to move, they must do so
immediately after drawing their
number or they will be on flip
moving list and will release their
present room. Today is also the
last day for requesting a room
change within a house or casa
Women not returning to a Uni
versity residence winter quarter
should call Miss Doyle's office lo
day if they have not done so al
ready. Graduating students who
plan to do graduate work next
quarter and would like to stay in
their present residence must also
make their request today.
