# SOCIAL COMMITTEE
## 
### 
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
Social Committee will not meet
tonight as originally planned be
cause of the sophomore rally. It
will meet at the beginning of win
ter quarter.
