# Untitled Article
## 
### 
lii addition to trying to increase
performing space. Mills said " The
Undergraduate Senate is also cur
rently addressing parking and trans
portation through the work ol its
Task Force on Freshman Trans
portation and tackling the issue of
communication between the ASSU
and the student body through such
initiatives as the Student Voice
Forum, the Connect e-mail newslet
ter. and attendance at house meet
ings through its dorm outreach ef
forts."
lii addition to trying to increase
performing space. Mills said " The
Undergraduate Senate is also cur
rently addressing parking and trans
portation through the work ol its
Task Force on Freshman Trans
portation and tackling the issue of
communication between the ASSU
and the student body through such
initiatives as the Student Voice
Forum, the Connect e-mail newslet
ter. and attendance at house meet
ings through its dorm outreach ef
forts."
lii addition to trying to increase
performing space. Mills said " The
Undergraduate Senate is also cur
rently addressing parking and trans
portation through the work ol its
Task Force on Freshman Trans
portation and tackling the issue of
communication between the ASSU
and the student body through such
initiatives as the Student Voice
Forum, the Connect e-mail newslet
ter. and attendance at house meet
ings through its dorm outreach ef
forts."
lii addition to trying to increase
performing space. Mills said " The
Undergraduate Senate is also cur
rently addressing parking and trans
portation through the work ol its
Task Force on Freshman Trans
portation and tackling the issue of
communication between the ASSU
and the student body through such
initiatives as the Student Voice
Forum, the Connect e-mail newslet
ter. and attendance at house meet
ings through its dorm outreach ef
forts."
lii addition to trying to increase
performing space. Mills said " The
Undergraduate Senate is also cur
rently addressing parking and trans
portation through the work ol its
Task Force on Freshman Trans
portation and tackling the issue of
communication between the ASSU
and the student body through such
initiatives as the Student Voice
Forum, the Connect e-mail newslet
ter. and attendance at house meet
ings through its dorm outreach ef
forts."
lii addition to trying to increase
performing space. Mills said " The
Undergraduate Senate is also cur
rently addressing parking and trans
portation through the work ol its
Task Force on Freshman Trans
portation and tackling the issue of
communication between the ASSU
and the student body through such
initiatives as the Student Voice
Forum, the Connect e-mail newslet
ter. and attendance at house meet
ings through its dorm outreach ef
forts."
