# DIRECTOR ON LEAVE
## 
### 
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
Mrs. Frances Terrell Neilson, di
rector of Lagunita Court, is at pres
ent visiting her husband who has re
turned from war service. In Mrs.
Neilson's absence Assistant Director
Angela Jarrell Read is in charge.
