# Coach Lanagan on Rugby.
## 
### 
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
The next issue of the Stanford
Alumnus will appear the last of
next week, and will contain a fea
ture article by the coach, J. F.
Lanagan, '00, upon the Rugby
game, explaning the new sport and
comparing it with the American
game.
The magazine also contains the
usual alumni news, including sev
eral communications from Stanford
clubs.
