# First, Japanese Graduate Is Hurt.
## 
### 
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
Professor Keinsuke Otaki, '94, the
first, Japanese graduate of Stanford,
and president of the Stanford Associ
ation in Japan, now Professor of Fish
eries in the Imperial Agricultural
College of Sapporo, Japan, was lately
the victim of an unfortunate streetcar
accident in the city of Tokyo. Pro
fessor Otaki now lies in a hospital
and is perhaps hopelessly crippled.
