# Village Announces Election Results
## 
### 
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
Election results have been an
nounced by Vilagc 216, a graduate
group.
The new officers arc: Jay Hann,
president; Mariano Obias, vice
president; Harold Stroymeyer, sec
retary-treasurer; David Jones, so
cial chairman; and Ed Hershgold,
athletic chairman.
* * *
Jim White is the newly elected
president of Cardinal Hall. Other
new officers are Ben Harris, vice
president; Franz Stenzcl, social
chairman; Mike Bravennan, athletic
chairman; John McComb, treasurer;
and Ron Gray, secretary.
* * *
Mike Anderson was elected pres
ident of Remcle Hall A, the I3usi
ness School dormitory in the Vil
lage, in a recent election. Paul
Wineman was chosen vice - presi
dent and comptroller; Bill Wilson
and Charles Walker, social chair
men; and Rich Ives, athletic chair
men.
