# Draft Test Applications Available Now
## 
### 
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
Applications for the Dec. 4, 1952,
and the April 23, 1953, administra
tions of the College Qualification
Test for draft deferment are now
available at local draft boards.
Draft-eligible students who have
not already taken the test should
mail the applications before Nov. 1
to the Selective Service Examining
Section, Education Testing Sci-vice,
P.O. Box 586, Princeton, New Jer
sey.
To be eligible to apply for the
college deferment test a student
must (1) intend to request defer
ment as a student; (2) be satisfac
torily pursuing a full-time course of
instruction; and (3) not have taken
the Selective Service College Quali
fication Test.
The present criteria for deferment
as an undergraduate student are
either a satisfactory score (70)) on
the deferment test or specified rank
in class.
