# Campus Tryouts Announced
## New Union 
### 
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
Tryouts open today for three po
sitions on the Student Union Com
mittee. This special ASSU commit
tee has been set up to find the pri
ority needs for the new Student
Union. Interviewing will take place
from 5 to f5 p.m. today and tomor
row in the Excom chambers in the
Nitery.
The student committee will gather
material on the paramount student
needs to be met by the new Union.
Work on this evaluation study will
have to be completed this year as
construction of the buildiiig may
start this spring.
Dick Weismann, ASSU president,
and Steve Horn, student manager,
will serve on the committee in ad
dition to the three other members
to be picked and approved by ASSU
Excom.
Over half a million dollars is now
in the combined fund for the unit,
to be named in honor of Dr. Donald
B. Tresidder, Stanford's war-time
president.
