# Two Profs Join Science Academy
## 
### 
Two more Stanford University
professors were elected Tuesday
to the nation's top scientific
organization, the National
Academic of Sciences.
Prof. Allan V. Cox of the
Geophysics Department and Prof.
Sidney D. Drell of the Stanford
Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC)
were among 50 new members
voted into the select national
scientific body which numbers
about 800. Stanford has 37
members.
Two Stanford alumni, lecturer
John A Blume of the San
Francisco engineering film which
bears his name, and former
Trustee Monroe E. Spaght of
Royal Dutch Shell, London, were
elected earlier to the National
Academy of Engineering.
Membership in the engineering
academy is the highest
professional distiction that can be
conferred on an American
engineer.

Prof. Cox is known for his
research in tracing the history of
reversals in the earth's magnetic
field, which are obtained by
precise measurements of the
magnetism in rocks. The work
provided evidence for theories of
"sea-floor spreading" which in
turn support theories of
"continental drift" that suggests
most continents of the world were
once joined.
Prof. Drell is a member of
President Nixon's Science
Advisory Committee and a
theoretical physicist at SLAC. A
professor at Stanford since 1956,
he received his bachelor's degree
from Princeton and the master's
and Ph.D. from the University of
Illinois. He is a fellow of the
American Physical Society and
has published numerous papers on
quantum field theory, and high
energy particle and nuclear
theory.
