# MORRIS CLUB REHEARSES FOR BLOSSOM FESTIVAL
## 
### 
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
Under the direction of Warren D.
Allen, University Organist, the Mor
ris Club is rehearsing for the forth
coming Blossom Festival at Saratoga,
on the 27th of March. A large volun
teer chorus is practicing with the
members.
