# TOTA SIGMA PHI DISCUSSES DISCOVERIES OF SCIENCE
## 
### 
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
I>ast night at the meeting of the lota
Sigma Phi, women's chemistry honorary
society, the latest problems and discov
eries of science were discussed. Miss
Marguerite Eiskamp, gr., was elected
corresponding secretary, and Miss Flor
ence Whittier, '20, vice-president.
