# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
Penn State College boxers won the
Intercollegiate boxing championship
liy one point.
