# HERBARIUM ENRICHED BY RARE SPECIMENS
## 
### 
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
Stanford's Dudley Herbarium has
been enriched by the collection of
herbs which Mrs. R. S. Ferris brought
back from her recent trip into Im
perial Valley. Mrs. Ferris spent about
two weeks on her trip, traveling along
the California border and into Im
perial Valley, where she made several
plant "finds" that have added ma
terially to the valuable Dudley col
lection.
She was accompanied by Miss Anne
Russell, who at the same time was
working on flower paintings for Dr.
Abram's "Illustrated Floral."
