# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Apologies are due Dr. Kriehn for
the mistake in last night's paper
announcing the football rally and
his lecture tomorrow night at the
same time and place. The mistake
occurred through an inadvertence
such as the average editor will
sometimes be guilty of when a
great many things are on his mind
at once, all pressing for immediate
attention.
Apologies are due Dr. Kriehn for
the mistake in last night's paper
announcing the football rally and
his lecture tomorrow night at the
same time and place. The mistake
occurred through an inadvertence
such as the average editor will
sometimes be guilty of when a
great many things are on his mind
at once, all pressing for immediate
attention.
Apologies are due Dr. Kriehn for
the mistake in last night's paper
announcing the football rally and
his lecture tomorrow night at the
same time and place. The mistake
occurred through an inadvertence
such as the average editor will
sometimes be guilty of when a
great many things are on his mind
at once, all pressing for immediate
attention.
Apologies are due Dr. Kriehn for
the mistake in last night's paper
announcing the football rally and
his lecture tomorrow night at the
same time and place. The mistake
occurred through an inadvertence
such as the average editor will
sometimes be guilty of when a
great many things are on his mind
at once, all pressing for immediate
attention.
Apologies are due Dr. Kriehn for
the mistake in last night's paper
announcing the football rally and
his lecture tomorrow night at the
same time and place. The mistake
occurred through an inadvertence
such as the average editor will
sometimes be guilty of when a
great many things are on his mind
at once, all pressing for immediate
attention.
