# Adv. 18 Page 6
## 
### 
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
Hfilß
■ Immediate openings tor you
it you are experienced in
office skills, it yoj are
between /oOs returning to
the working world retired
Out still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers tor
light Industries [plant
'actory warehouse)
TOP PAY NO FEE
\ -U<al Opportunity Employe'
TUiomas
Jemporaries
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300
