# ALPHA DELT PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
Interfratemity Council announces i
the pledging of Richard M. Feather
tone, '40, to Alpha Delta Phi.

"O. S." after a) historical date
means "old style" ymd refers to the
Julian calendar. I
