# Intercollegiate Committee.
## 
### 
The Intercollegiate Athletic Com
mittee meets tomorrow afternoon in
San Francisco for the purpose of
deciding upon an intercollegiate
athletic agreement. Prof. George
C. Edwards, Clinton Miller, '00,
and Irwin Muma, '00, will repre
sent University of California, and
Professor Richardson, D. E. Brown,
'97, and C. A. Cantwell, '01, will
represent Stanford.
The Intercollegiate Athletic Com
mittee meets tomorrow afternoon in
San Francisco for the purpose of
deciding upon an intercollegiate
athletic agreement. Prof. George
C. Edwards, Clinton Miller, '00,
and Irwin Muma, '00, will repre
sent University of California, and
Professor Richardson, D. E. Brown,
'97, and C. A. Cantwell, '01, will
represent Stanford.
The Intercollegiate Athletic Com
mittee meets tomorrow afternoon in
San Francisco for the purpose of
deciding upon an intercollegiate
athletic agreement. Prof. George
C. Edwards, Clinton Miller, '00,
and Irwin Muma, '00, will repre
sent University of California, and
Professor Richardson, D. E. Brown,
'97, and C. A. Cantwell, '01, will
represent Stanford.
The Intercollegiate Athletic Com
mittee meets tomorrow afternoon in
San Francisco for the purpose of
deciding upon an intercollegiate
athletic agreement. Prof. George
C. Edwards, Clinton Miller, '00,
and Irwin Muma, '00, will repre
sent University of California, and
Professor Richardson, D. E. Brown,
'97, and C. A. Cantwell, '01, will
represent Stanford.
The Intercollegiate Athletic Com
mittee meets tomorrow afternoon in
San Francisco for the purpose of
deciding upon an intercollegiate
athletic agreement. Prof. George
C. Edwards, Clinton Miller, '00,
and Irwin Muma, '00, will repre
sent University of California, and
Professor Richardson, D. E. Brown,
'97, and C. A. Cantwell, '01, will
represent Stanford.
The Intercollegiate Athletic Com
mittee meets tomorrow afternoon in
San Francisco for the purpose of
deciding upon an intercollegiate
athletic agreement. Prof. George
C. Edwards, Clinton Miller, '00,
and Irwin Muma, '00, will repre
sent University of California, and
Professor Richardson, D. E. Brown,
'97, and C. A. Cantwell, '01, will
represent Stanford.
The Intercollegiate Athletic Com
mittee meets tomorrow afternoon in
San Francisco for the purpose of
deciding upon an intercollegiate
athletic agreement. Prof. George
C. Edwards, Clinton Miller, '00,
and Irwin Muma, '00, will repre
sent University of California, and
Professor Richardson, D. E. Brown,
'97, and C. A. Cantwell, '01, will
represent Stanford.
