# New Professor in Physics.
## 
### 
Prof. M. E. Taylor, assistant pro
fessor in the department of Physics,
has been granted an extended leave
of absence to take an eastern tour.
He has not fully decided as to the
direct nature of the trip.
President Jordan announces the
appointment of S. J. Barnett, of
Colorado College, to the position of
assistant in Physics which will be
left vacant by Professor Taylor.
Professor Barnett took his A. B.
degree at the University of Denver,
'94; he was a graduate student in
the school of Astronomy at the
University of Virginia, '96; in '98
he took the degree of Ph. D. at Cor
nell University. He was instructor
in Physics and Biology, University
of Denver, '94â€”*95; assistant in
Astronomical Observatory, '95-'96,
and instructor in Astronomy, '96,
University of Virginia; university
scholar, fellow, and fellow-elect in
Physics, Cornell University, ? 96-'9B,
and '98, Colorado College, '98.
Since taking his doctor's degree at
Cornell he has been professor of
Physics in the University of Colo
rado. Professor Barnett will as
sume his duties at Stanford next
September.
