# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Fireman's Fund, cam
pus, 2:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Sunday."
Sermon, " Cash and Credit," Pro
fessor Hudson; chapel, 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Fireman's Fund, cam
pus, 2:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Sunday."
Sermon, " Cash and Credit," Pro
fessor Hudson; chapel, 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Fireman's Fund, cam
pus, 2:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Sunday."
Sermon, " Cash and Credit," Pro
fessor Hudson; chapel, 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Fireman's Fund, cam
pus, 2:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Sunday."
Sermon, " Cash and Credit," Pro
fessor Hudson; chapel, 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Fireman's Fund, cam
pus, 2:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Sunday."
Sermon, " Cash and Credit," Pro
fessor Hudson; chapel, 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Fireman's Fund, cam
pus, 2:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Sunday."
Sermon, " Cash and Credit," Pro
fessor Hudson; chapel, 11 a.m.
Saturday.
Varsity vs. Fireman's Fund, cam
pus, 2:30 p.m.
Dr. and Mrs. Jordan at home to
students.
Sunday."
Sermon, " Cash and Credit," Pro
fessor Hudson; chapel, 11 a.m.
