# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Xo obstacle now stands in the way
to block the completion of the new
track. The cinders have been se
cured and this morning the Board of
Control was notified that the I'inance
Committee of the Trustees had offi
cially approved the plans for the
bleachers. This formality was neces
sary, although the approval of the
Commission of Engineers made the
consent of the Trustees almost cer
tain. The necessity for the comple
tion of the new cinder path before
the Interscholastic on March 23 has
been urged so frequently, that it re
quires no repetition. We must have
the track by that date, and unless a
long spell of bad weather interferes,
we will have it. The student body
needs no further guarantee than the
fact that the Board of Control is in
charge, to feel that the work will be
done by the right men in the right
way.
