# Civil Engineers Hold Meeting.
## 
### 
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
The Civil Engineering Society held
its regular monthly meeting last even
ing. Professor H. H. Hall gave an
interesting talk on the amount of
provision consumed by a party of
engineers. Instructor L. L. Carter
gave a talk on the work of the Cali
fornia Debris Company on the Yuba
River. J. D. Patterson, '07, was
clected to active membership in the
Society.
