# SCHWARTZ TALKS ABOUT PARISIANS
## Professor Has Recently Visited France 
### 
Professor William L. Schwartz
ot the Romanic Languages Depart
ment will speak on his "Intellec
tual Adventures in tlie French Cap
ital" tonight at 7:30 o'clock in tlie
Assembly Hall. Professor and Mrs.
Schwartz spent last spring and
summer quarters in Paris, and
while there attended many con
certs and theatrical events of the
Paris season and tlie spring Salon
art exhibits.
Professor Schwartz's work took
him into many of the great li
braries throughout France, and
brought him in contact with many
French writers, among whom were
Gilbert de Voisins, novelist and
grandson of the dancer, la Tag
lioni; Joseph Bedier of the Aca
demy; and Dr. Kyrop, the Danish
Psychologist. He also collaborated
with Rene Lalou, author of the
well-known Histoire Litterature
Francaise Omtemporaine, on a col
lection of French verse.
Professor Schwartz attended the
Salon distribution of prizes of
Lycee Henri IV which consisted of
a performance at the Paris branch
of the Daleroze School of Rhyth
mics. He was present at the open
ing of the Japanese house in the
new Cite Universitaire, and took
ceveral courses and examinations
offered by the Institute of Phone
tics of the University of Paris.
On Friday, January 24, Professor
Schwartz is speaking before the
Alliance Francaise of San Jose on
"A Group of Living French Hu
morists."
