# CARD-BEAR GAME ROOTERS' SEATS FOR SALE TODAY
## 
### 
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
.Rooters' tickets for the
Ktunford-California basketball
game to bo played here Janu
ary 25, cannot be secured af
ter 4 • today. The pasteboards
will be sold at the A.S.S.U.
offices in the Old Union from
5) to 12 this morning, and from
1 to 5 this afternoon, and no
applications will be honored
after 5 p.m.
Sales for today were re
ported as being fair, and there
are still good seats available
to students. The ducats are
priced at fifty cents, and each
student is limited to one, upon
the presentation of bis own
student body card and bis
signature for that card. No
quarter will be given anyone
trying to pass off another stu
dent's card which will be con
fiscated if apprehended.
