# ENGINEER HEAD DIES
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 20 (/}>). -
Philip North Moore, former prcsi- j
dent of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers, died in St. Luke's !
Hospital here yesterday following an
illness of two weeks, lie was 81 j
years old.
