# Meeting of the Freshman Team.
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
freshman football candidates to
morrow at 1:30. The object is to
get new material in the line and
more enthusiasm into the players.
The line will probably be strength
ened by the introduction of A. (4.
Madden of W ashington, I). C., as
center, and H. I). Dumars of the
same place, as guard. Both men
have had considerable experience
in the game, Madden being an old
chum of Coach liutterworth of
Berkeley.
There will be a meeting of the
freshman football candidates to
morrow at 1:30. The object is to
get new material in the line and
more enthusiasm into the players.
The line will probably be strength
ened by the introduction of A. (4.
Madden of W ashington, I). C., as
center, and H. I). Dumars of the
same place, as guard. Both men
have had considerable experience
in the game, Madden being an old
chum of Coach liutterworth of
Berkeley.
There will be a meeting of the
freshman football candidates to
morrow at 1:30. The object is to
get new material in the line and
more enthusiasm into the players.
The line will probably be strength
ened by the introduction of A. (4.
Madden of W ashington, I). C., as
center, and H. I). Dumars of the
same place, as guard. Both men
have had considerable experience
in the game, Madden being an old
chum of Coach liutterworth of
Berkeley.
There will be a meeting of the
freshman football candidates to
morrow at 1:30. The object is to
get new material in the line and
more enthusiasm into the players.
The line will probably be strength
ened by the introduction of A. (4.
Madden of W ashington, I). C., as
center, and H. I). Dumars of the
same place, as guard. Both men
have had considerable experience
in the game, Madden being an old
chum of Coach liutterworth of
Berkeley.
There will be a meeting of the
freshman football candidates to
morrow at 1:30. The object is to
get new material in the line and
more enthusiasm into the players.
The line will probably be strength
ened by the introduction of A. (4.
Madden of W ashington, I). C., as
center, and H. I). Dumars of the
same place, as guard. Both men
have had considerable experience
in the game, Madden being an old
chum of Coach liutterworth of
Berkeley.
