# Untitled Article
## 
### 
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
When the annual Car not debate
is held tomorrow night at Harmon
Gymnasium, on the California cam
pus, there should he a strong dele
gation of Stanford supporters pres
ent. The team which will re]ire
sent Stanford is one of which we may
well he proud and is certainly de
serving of Student Body recogni
tion. When men devote as much of
their time in an effort to win honor
for Stanford, as is necessary in pre
paration for a Carnot debate, it is
the duty of the Student Body to show
its appreciation of such work. This
is partciularly true when the de
hate is held at Berkeley, where the
greater part of the audience is bound
to he in sympathy with the Califor
nia speakers. The presence of a
large delegation of Stanford parti
sans at the debate will serve to in
crease the confidence of the Cardi
nal debaters in a contest which pro
mises to he exceedingly close and in
teresting. With an able team of de
haters and a strong Stanford repre
sentation in the audience we may
hope to again win the Carnot medal.
