# Reverend C.C. Lathrope To Preach.
## 
### 
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
Reverend C. C. Lathrope, of the
Unitarian Church of Berkeley, will
speak at the Chapel Sunday morn
ing.
