# Alumni Notes.
## 
### 
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
.1. R. Pemberton, '08, is now assist
ing Dr. Ralph Arnold, '02, on the
Geological Survey of Ventura County.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Evangeline Gossett and Robert
Hitt Newcomber, both *06. The wed
ding will take place the last of De
cember.
Miss Hazel Maddox, '09, of Visalia,
and Mr. Carl Ferguson, 'OS, of Red
lands were married yesterday at Vi
salia. Miss Maddox is a member of
the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority and
Mr. Ferguson is a Theta Delta Chi.
The couple will make their home in
Redlands.
