# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
THAT NEW
YORK WIZARD
is here again
Thelma Becker the
Barbizon Consultant
She s an amazing special
ist in lingerie—an expert
in slips, who knows the
right type for every figure
and every vacation.
Bring all your slip prob
lems to her tomorrow,
Wednesday, Barbizon de
partment.
\yals-fcerfr;
355 University Ave.
