# Daily Head Elected Council Chairman
## 
### 
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
John Horrall, Daily Editor, was
elected chairman of Publications
Council yesterday succeeding Harold
Shafer, who retired last spring. Bar
bara Woods, Quad business manager,
was elected secretary succeeding
Barney McClure.
Problems concerning the financial
difficulties of the Quad, Daily, and
Chaparral were discussed, and it was
decided to hold another meeting the
first week in November.
