# Adv. 24 Page 11
## 
### 
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
are tHe facts?
It was in the year 1846 that
Nancy Johnson invented the
first hand-cranked ice cream
fcsier. It was in 1848 that
Young patented the device.
T'lis modern day, Peninsula
Creamery is noted for its su
perb dairy products, outstand
ing in quality and flavor.
/minSufa
167 Hamilton Avenue
Palo Alto DAvenport 3-31 76
