# Roble Formal
## 
### 
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
The Roble "Land of the Midnight
Sun" Formal tomorrow night will
feature entertainment by Robleite
Jean Helmke. Wally Heider and

his orchestra will furnish music
from 5) to 1 in the Women's Gym.
Refreshments will be served.
Tickets are now on sale at the
ASSU office and will be sold at the
door tomorrow night, according to
Anne KiefFer, dance chailrman. Bids
will be honored at both the Toyon
and Roble formals.
