# Corridors Elect Girls To New Roble Senate
## 
### 
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
In corridor elections held last
week at Roble Hall the following
girls were elected as freshman rep
resentatives on the Roble Senate:
Carol Gillet, IB: Connie Hardy,
2A; Janet Jacobson, 3A; Jean Bri
denbough, 2 center; Joan Symon, 3
center; Allison Clark, IB; Minita
Erwin, 2B; Jerri Riddell, 3B; Mari
lyn Roth, 1C; Martha Theobald, 2C;
and Nita Countryman, 3C.
