# Autumn Concerts Will Close Tonight With Performance of Oboe Concerto
## 
### 
The Stanford University Orches
tra. under the direction of Dr.
Leonard G. Ratner. will present a
concert tonight at 8:13 in Cubber
lev Auditorium, thus closing the
autumn quarter series of concerts
given by the music department.
George Hoult, oboist, who is a
department of music major and a
former member of the Pasadena
Civic Symphony, will be featured

in the Handel "Concerto for O'oc
and Strings" in B fiat major. Othe
numbers on the program include
"Village Music" by Douglas Moot
who is now teaching at Columbia
University, Mozart's Overture t
"Don Giovanni," and the "Drumroi
Symphony" by Haydn.
Concertmistress this evening i;
Barbara Bjornstrom. and manage;
of the orchestra is Rex Underwood
The concert is open to the public
