# Two Night Jobs Open to Students
## 
### 
Night work is available to a stu
dent who has a telephone and a car
and is able to do emergency labora
tory work, the Employment Service
announced yesterday.
The student must be at home every
weekday night and weekend nights
every other week to answer calls in
connection with the San Mateo
Community Hospital. Compensation
is $3 a night plus $1.35 an hour
for time spent in laboratory work.
Night work as a switchboard op
erator at a doctors' exchange in
Redwood City is also available.
Students who are interested in
these positions can secure full in
formation from the Employment
Service, temporary building C, room
10.
