# Dr. Murray, Wife Feted By Hoovers At Capitol
## 
### 
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
A round of Capital social affairs, in
cluding many White House functions, is
being enjoyed by Dr. Augustus Taber
Murray, head of the School of Letters,
and resident minister of the Friends'
Meeting, Quaker congregation there. Dr.
and J.lrs. Muray, who went to the Wash
ington post at the request of President
Hoover, have been entertained by the
Hoovers many times since they reached
the capital.
Dr. Murray will remain in Washington
until shortly before he leaves lo return
here for the summer quarter.
