# To Defend Title
## 
### 

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.

Mickey Riley of the Los Angeles
a'hletic club, who will defend his
high diving and 10-foot titles at
ths national senior diving cham
pionships at the New York athletic
club April 2 to 5.
