# UNDER THE WEATHER ...
## 
### 
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
HOSPITAL
Barbara' Sanborn, Robert. Braly,
David Steelquist, Nedra Bordwell,
Thomas Boyle, Dorothy Boyd, Wil
liam Cunha, William Sullivan, Vir
ginia Sisk.
WOMEN'S REST HOME
Pauline Wright, Marjorie Stan
field, Mary Louise Given, Peggy
Ingham.
MEN'S REST HOME
Rufus King, Bill Davis, Russell
Bryan, Carl Senge, Felix Poletti,
Baldwin Wood, Charles Lark, Wes
ley Howell.
