# Six Gifts Donated To War Library
## 
### 
Dr. Nathan van Patten, director of
the Stanford University Library, has
turned over to the Hoover War
Library a personally-collected group
of books, pamphlets and documents
covering China's part in the World
War, the Chino-Japanese conflict,
and the problems of modern China.
From the estate of Henry M. Rob
inson of Pasadena, through Mrs.
Robinson, the library received a col
lection of materials on post-war
economic problems, particularly rep
arations. Mr. Robinson was a mem
ber of the Reparations Commission.
The Finnish Relief Fund of New
York City added material on Finnish
relief. Also donated by Miss Edith
Guerrier was a collection of docu
ments originating with the United
States Food Administration during
the World War. Other donors were
Almon E. Roth of Stanford Univer
sity and John Bakewell, Jr., of San
Francisco.
