# Democratic Chairman Starts Western Tour
## 
### 
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 2 (UP).
—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic na
tional chairman, left here by special
plane today for Fargo, N.D., the next
stop on his cross country tour. He
plans to go on to Butte, Mont., to
night and then on to the west coast.
