# MAD HOG KILLS HORSES
## 
### 
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 1 (A*).- -A
mad hog invaded a farmyard south
west of here and, ripping savagely
with two-inch tusks, slashed two
horses to death and crippled two
others.
