# Youth Shot in Mouth By 'Unloaded' Gun
## 
### 
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Doc. 1 (/Pi.
—Shot in the mouth by an "unload
ed'' revolver, August Miguel, 16,
spit out the bullet and three teeth
and then was taken to a hospital
because of loss of blood.
Lieutenant John J. Curtis of the
local police .said John Goulart, 14,
and John B. Doucette, 13, were in
specting the gun. Curtis said Dou
cette called to Miguel, a half-dozen
paces away: "Look up, Miguel." As
Miguel looked up, Curtis said, Dou
cette fired the revolver. Later ho
told Curtis he did not know the gun
was loaded.
