# Theological Report Scares Non-Nazis
## 
### 
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
BERLIN, Dec. 1 (/P). —Non-Nazi
theologians view apprehensively to
day the declaration of a Hitlerite
student leader that (lie Christian,
Marxist, and Nazi philosophies are
involved in a death struggle.
The statement was contained in a
report by a young university student
of theology in a convention at Darm
stadt attended by members of the
National Socialist Student League
and addressed by a district school
official.
