# PROGRAM SELLERS CALLED
## 
### 
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
All Stanford students wishing to
sell programs at the Rose Bowl
game are requested by the B.A.C.
news service to .sign lor the work
at the B.A.C. oifices this week.
