# F.R. Rests, Thinks Over Speech Plans
## 
### 
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
WARM SPRINGS. Ga„ Dec. 1 (JP).
—President Roosevelt spent Sunday
quietly at home enjoying the warm
sunshine and loafing. However, he
was undoubtedly giving thought to
two speeches to be made a week
hence on his return to the White
House by way of Chicago.
Leaving here next Sunday he will
address the American Farm Bureau
Federation in annual convention the
following day at. Chicago. The same
afternoon he will attend a special
convocation of Notre Dame Univer
sity at South Bond, Ind., where he
will be awarded an honorary degree
of Doctor of Laws.
