# WPA Musicians Of New York To Strike
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (/P).—A strike j
of all musicians on WPA music !
projects, effective Thursday, was
voted today by the local union of 1
the American Federation of Musi
cians in protest against lengthened
hours and the chairging of admis
sion fees to WPA performances.
The strike was voted by the gen
eral membership of Local 802, which
has more than 700 of its 18,000 mem
bers on WPA music projects, after i
Director Nikolai Sokoloff of the
Federal music project decreed new
policies.
