# Missionary Conference.
## 
### 
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
Among the speakers at the Inter
denominational Missionary Con
ference to he held in Oakland De
cember 4th, sth, and 6th, are Rev.
C. 11. Brown, formerly lecturer in
ethics at Stanford, and liev. J.
Wilbur Chapman, the New York
minister who preached in Memorial
Church Sunday morning. Two
thousand delegates are expected to
attend this convention, which
promises to be the largest of its
kind ever held in the West.
