# Magazine Reports Secret Grant Here
## 
### 
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
The magazine "Viet-Report"
claims Stanford Research Insti
tute is engaged in a classified
Pentagon research project on
defenses against Communist
guerrilla tactics.
As part of a joint contract

with Cornell and the University
of Michigan, Stanford is report
ed working on a long-term "In
vestigation of Counterguerrilla
Surveillance Processes."
An abstract of the project, ac
cording to the magazine, says
its research covers "Communist
terrorist logistics, camps, popu
lation control methods, command
control systems, field tests of
seismic and magnetic devices,
and support of the AMPIRT pro
gram."
AMPIRT is the name of joint
study with Cornell and Michigan
of the use of U.S. communica
tions and reconnaissance equip
ment in Southeast Asia.
The Jan. 4 issue of "Viet Re
port" also listed American Uni
versity of Washington, D.C. as
doing secret work for the De
fense Department on the organ
ization of the Vietcong. The mag
azine claims American's Center
for Research in Social Systems
is a center of academic research
in counter-insurgency.
The magazine listed 55 univer
sities and institutes, including
Stanford, which are engaged in
chemical and biological warfare
research.
Twenty-four schools are also
listed as engaged in "software"
research and international stu
dies, such as the Stanford coun
ter-insurgency work.
Editorially, the magazine says
it presented this information in
the hope that it would raise the
issue of "harmful" research on
many campuses.
