# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
Contributions
The Daily welcomes letters, col
umns, and editorial cartoons
from its readers. All submitted
materials must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 57-space
line.
