# Adv. 27 Page 10
## 
### 
m
ClMon
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Kings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
rompared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
Stanford students
SAVE 10';
SAVE I0'»
with ASSU card.
See »Mir cotnpkrte
sclcction of
F.naaKcment Rings
from $350"*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
m
ClMon
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Kings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
rompared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
Stanford students
SAVE 10';
SAVE I0'»
with ASSU card.
See »Mir cotnpkrte
sclcction of
F.naaKcment Rings
from $350"*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
m
ClMon
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Kings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
rompared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
Stanford students
SAVE 10';
SAVE I0'»
with ASSU card.
See »Mir cotnpkrte
sclcction of
F.naaKcment Rings
from $350"*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
m
ClMon
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Kings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
rompared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
Stanford students
SAVE 10';
SAVE I0'»
with ASSU card.
See »Mir cotnpkrte
sclcction of
F.naaKcment Rings
from $350"*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
m
ClMon
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Kings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
rompared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
Stanford students
SAVE 10';
SAVE I0'»
with ASSU card.
See »Mir cotnpkrte
sclcction of
F.naaKcment Rings
from $350"*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
m
ClMon
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Kings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
rompared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
Stanford students
SAVE 10';
SAVE I0'»
with ASSU card.
See »Mir cotnpkrte
sclcction of
F.naaKcment Rings
from $350"*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
m
ClMon
couples
come to
Carlyle
Jewelers
for their
Diamond Kings
BECAUSE.
They have shopped and
rompared and have found
Carlyle's prices are never
higher and in most
instances are substantially
lower than prices
elsewhere — for the same
quality diamonds.
Stanford students
SAVE 10';
SAVE I0'»
with ASSU card.
See »Mir cotnpkrte
sclcction of
F.naaKcment Rings
from $350"*
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
324-9100
