# S.C. Yearlings Rated Toughest Frosh Grid Foe
## 
### 
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
Each week of the season so far
has seen the Stanford freshman
footballers preparing for "their
toughest battle yet." Anil each Sat
in day has seen them win that battle
by a decisive score.
This Saturday, however, brings on
the U.S.C. frosh, a team that may
be truly touted as a better outfit
than any the Papooses have met this
season. For the Trobabes present an
eleven that is a definite bidder for
the "little four" championship, espe
cially since their win over the Cal
Cubs last Saturday in a game in
which they were without the serv
ices of three good men.
The Trobabes, with a team that
averages 194 pounds in the line and
185 pounds in the backfield, are
probably the frosh's biggest hurdle
on their way to an undefeated
schedule. For it stands to reason
that if they can beat the Trobabes
they can beat a team that the latter
defeated, the University of Califor
nia frosh. The only other game for
the frosh is scheduled against Chaf
fey J.C.. a team that should be com
paratively easy.
Gus Shaver, U.S.C. frosh mentor,
will probably start a team made up
of Doug Essick and lan Elliot at
ends, Seymour Fuhrman _.nd Dick
Lawrence at tackles, Elliot Olds and
Jack Pickles at guards, Steve Bian
chi at center, Dave Brewer at quar
terback, Leo Bledsoe and Henry
Binkley at halfbacks, and Bob Mu
sick at fullback.
Brewer is the tailback and will
probably handle most of the outside
tackle shots as well as the passing,
while Musick takes over the down
the-middle stuff.
