# AERIAL 'STEEDS' FOR CADETS
## 
### 

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.

A FEW of the 7,000 war pilots Uncle Sam will train this year pre
pare to U»ke off from Randolph Field, Texas, in 450-horscpowcr basic
trainers. As the cadets check over the 82 instruments, knobs and
controls they must handle, crew chiefs stand by to remove the chock
blocks from the wheels.
