# SALUTE SHOWN TO JAPS
## 
### 
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
HONOLULU. T.H.. Oct. 23 (UP).
The American Legion today open
ed a campaign to teach Japanese
schoolchildren how to salute the
American flag.
