# W.S.C. Game Movies
## 
### 
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
Motion pictures of the Washing
ton State-Stanford game will be
shown at 4:15 o'clock this after
noon in the Education auditorium.
Admission is free.
Folks who don't know which way j
to turn have no business in a re
volving door.
