# Once Around the Quad
## 
### 
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House. Frosh Activities
open house committee, special
meeting.
Cal - Vet Representative: The
field representative for the Cali
fornia Veterans Educational Pro
gram, C. (i. Neal, will be on cam
pus Friday between 9 a.m. and 12
noon. Veterans may contact him
in the National Service Office,
Building 100, Room 102 J.

C hristian Science Organization:
7:13 p.m., Faculty Men's Club
house.
Hit Cultural Talk: 4:15 p.m.,
Bowman Alumni House. Miodrug
Mihajlovic, vice-consul of Yugo
slavia, will speak on "The Eco
nomic Development of Yugosia
via." Refreshments following lec
ture.
Men's Glee Club: 1:30 p.m.,
Dinkelspiel rehearsal hall.
Sequoia Staff: 5 p.m., staff
meeting at the Sequoia office.
Social Coordinating Board: -1:30
p.m., Excom room.
"Y" Public Affairs Meeting: 12
noon, "Y" lounge. 3lile Cucek will
talk about the people within his
country, Yugoslavia. Lunch, 35
cents.
