# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
Thcta Delta Chi announces the
engagement of Lee Enright, 'GO,
to Elizabeth McDonough, San
Diego.
