# Brown keeps Crown
## 
### 
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
1 lOUSTON, Texas (/P) Joe
Brown knocked clown Johnny
Busso ol Now York once in the
ninth round, then wont on to a
10-round unanimous decision to
retain his world's lightweight
championship Wednesday night.
