# Painting Exhibit
## 
### 
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
An exhibition of paintings by
Babs Van Swearingen, former
Stanford student in art, will be
shown this month at the galleries
at American University in Wash
ington, D.C.
