# Adv. 23 Page 4
## 
### 
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
r OR
25c
4 POSITIONS
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J.C.
LAMM, lute of the
Hivussler Studio, Sau
Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
wo urge our friends and
patrons to take advan
tage of tlii! offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
r OR
25c
4 POSITIONS
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J.C.
LAMM, lute of the
Hivussler Studio, Sau
Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
wo urge our friends and
patrons to take advan
tage of tlii! offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
r OR
25c
4 POSITIONS
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J.C.
LAMM, lute of the
Hivussler Studio, Sau
Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
wo urge our friends and
patrons to take advan
tage of tlii! offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
r OR
25c
4 POSITIONS
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J.C.
LAMM, lute of the
Hivussler Studio, Sau
Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
wo urge our friends and
patrons to take advan
tage of tlii! offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
r OR
25c
4 POSITIONS
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J.C.
LAMM, lute of the
Hivussler Studio, Sau
Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
wo urge our friends and
patrons to take advan
tage of tlii! offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
Students, Attention!
Stamp Fotos
25
r OR
25c
4 POSITIONS
We have been fortu
nate in engaging the
Stamp Artist, Mr. J.C.
LAMM, lute of the
Hivussler Studio, Sau
Jose, who will be here
but a short time, and
wo urge our friends and
patrons to take advan
tage of tlii! offer.
The
Franklin
Studio
Palo Alto
