# Cross Country
## 
### 
Stanford's cross country var
sity squad finished second last
Saturday in the Northern Cali
fornia Collegiate Cross Country
Championship at San Jose State.
Placing first were the hosting
Spartans with 24 points. Stan
ford placed second with 35
points, Cal was third with 46
points. The best time for Stan
ford runners was a second place
31:14 by Alex Whittle.
Stanford's Frosh finished
third. San Jose State won the
frosh contest with 33 points. Cal
placed second with 43 points and
Stanford finished last with 47.
One pleasant note was the fine
showing of freshman Mike
Ryan, who broke the course rec
ord by running the six miles in
a time of 30:49.
