# INSIDE
## 
### 
Oil
The Persian Gulf copes
with the effects of black
spillage.
See World & Nation, page 3

Blood
The Science Bug explains
how yours is used by vam
pire bats.
See Science, page 7

Sweat
Cardinal baseball players
produce their own as
season opens.
See Sports, page 8

Oil
The Persian Gulf copes
with the effects of black
spillage.
See World & Nation, page 3

Blood
The Science Bug explains
how yours is used by vam
pire bats.
See Science, page 7

Sweat
Cardinal baseball players
produce their own as
season opens.
See Sports, page 8

Oil
The Persian Gulf copes
with the effects of black
spillage.
See World & Nation, page 3

Blood
The Science Bug explains
how yours is used by vam
pire bats.
See Science, page 7

Sweat
Cardinal baseball players
produce their own as
season opens.
See Sports, page 8

Oil
The Persian Gulf copes
with the effects of black
spillage.
See World & Nation, page 3

Blood
The Science Bug explains
how yours is used by vam
pire bats.
See Science, page 7

Sweat
Cardinal baseball players
produce their own as
season opens.
See Sports, page 8

Oil
The Persian Gulf copes
with the effects of black
spillage.
See World & Nation, page 3

Blood
The Science Bug explains
how yours is used by vam
pire bats.
See Science, page 7

Sweat
Cardinal baseball players
produce their own as
season opens.
See Sports, page 8

Oil
The Persian Gulf copes
with the effects of black
spillage.
See World & Nation, page 3

Blood
The Science Bug explains
how yours is used by vam
pire bats.
See Science, page 7

Sweat
Cardinal baseball players
produce their own as
season opens.
See Sports, page 8

Oil
The Persian Gulf copes
with the effects of black
spillage.
See World & Nation, page 3

Blood
The Science Bug explains
how yours is used by vam
pire bats.
See Science, page 7

Sweat
Cardinal baseball players
produce their own as
season opens.
See Sports, page 8

