# Secretary Delays Tri-State Debates.
## 
### 
Final arrangements for the definite
subject and date for the Tri-State de
hates have been hanging fire many
weeks on account of the inactivity of
the secretary of the debating union.
All the members of the triangle of
universities have submitted their vote
on questions chosen from the general
field, "Immigration." Tryouts for the
Stanford teams will commence as soon
as notice of the subject to be used is
received by the intercollegiate debate
committee. This year's secretary of
the union, who is responsible for the
delay of plans is a student at the
University of Washington.
E. C. Smith, '13, of the Stanford com
mittee has sent two letters of inquiry
to Washington, but has received no re
ply.
