# Rhodes Scholars
## 
### 
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
Interviews with Rhodes Schol
arship applicants will take place
Friday from 2 to 4 p.m. All can
didates should call at the Politi
cal Science office, Room 2X, to
sign up for an interview appoint
ment.
