# SCHOLARSHIP COMMITTEES
## 
### 
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
Foreign Scholarship Committer
announces the following committee
heads:
Marguerite O'Dell, Tom Schaha
rum, evaluation; Tex Thompson,
seminars; Ruth BrostofT, national
and foreign publicity; Charlotte
Kempner, campus and local pub
licity Chuck Denny, speaking en
casements; Jean Miller. executive
secretary; Mary Hahn, Carol Hol-
Rerson. secretaries: Jo Miller, ap
plications; Sue Raymond, clothing
and dental.
