# Untitled Article
## 
### 
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
JUNIOR EXCOM will meet tonight
at 7 upstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse.
