# Adv. 18 Page 7
## 
### 
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
THE
CAMERA
SHOPPE
Dealers in
PARKER and CONKLIN
Pens and Penciles
FREE!
Your name engraved free on
all pens and pencils
purchased here
Kodak Finishing and Picture
Framing
309 University Ave.
Next to Sunset Cafeteria
