# Law And Order Campaign In Chicago Nets 450 Persons
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
CHICAGO, Sept. 30.
sale raids against liquor, vice, and
gambling places in Chicago and Calu
met City—the latter described by an
official as "just a frontier town" —
were the latest moves in State's At
torney John A. Swanson's newest law
and order campaign.
