# PRINCESS DIVORCED
## 
### 
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
RENO, Nov., Sept. 30 (TP). — The
Princess Syida Wirt Spreckels Chakir,
who once resided on a farm in Garden
City, Kansas, and later married a mil
lionaire, today was granted a divorce
from Prince Suad Bey Chakir of Tur
key.
