# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
Six thousand dollars was paid for an
autograph and a typewritten manuscript
of one of George Bernard Shaw's short
comedies.
