# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
Gordon Davis made his annual Stan

ford appearance July 25, taking the
lead in S. N. Behrman's play, "The
Second Man." Jack McDowell, Ruth
Beede, and Lucie Bentley supported
Mr. Davis, and their performance was
fully as creditable as the audience
had a right to expect from four such
experienced actors.
