# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
Stanford was host June 27 to the
executive members of the American
Social Hygiene Association, who met
for an informal round table discus
sion.
