# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
A Virginia farmer refused to lease his
ground for an airport because he believed
it immoral to defy the law of gravitation.
