# RULES OF HALL ARE EXPLAINED BY ENCINA SPONSORS IN MEETING
## 
### 
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
At a meeting of the freshmen in
Encina Hall last night, Frank Baker,
newly elected president of the hall
sponsors, spoke on the rules of the
hall. Baker explained the work of the
sponsors in maftutaining order. Eric
Krenz told the freshmen about the
Stanford Honor spirit, and was fol
lowed on the platform by "Red" Berg
who explained the "hello" tradition
and the various campus activities to
the Encina men.
The list of sponsors for the autumn
quarter follows: Frank Baker, Dave
Jacobson, Harry Berg, Vard Loomis,
John Lauritzen, Eric Krenz, Jimmy
Bush, Leon Levi, "Swede" Antonelle,
Fred Zombro, Sid Madden, Robert
Thomas, A1 Doerr, John Morrison,
Ward Edmonds, and Merle Emry.
Two others will be announced later.
