# VARSITY TAKEN FOR "GOOFS" BY FROSH DURING SCRIMMAGE
## 
### 
The old gag that a prophet is
without honor in his own land was
never more aptly illustrated than
last week, when Coach Husky Hunt
brought his freshman eleven to the
varsity field to scrimmage Warner's
second string. In the varsity back
field were Herb Fleishhacker, Harry
Hillman, Phil Winnek, and Phil
Moffatt, and the line was equally
strong. Nevertheless, Fleishhacker,
given the ball on the first attempt,
failed to gain an inch at center, and
a moment later Hillman was stopped
cold on a plunge at guard. All of
which caused an unknown fresh
man gridder sitting on the sidelines
to inquire of his neighbor, with
crushing naivete: "Who are these
guys, anywayâ€”the goofs?"
