# MASSACHUSETTS TECH GRADUATE APPOINTED TO ENGINEERING STAFF
## 
### 
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
Professor Lawrence Washington,
Massachusetts Institute of Technol
ogy, '22, is taking Professor Croft's
place this year in the Mechanical En
gineering Laboratory. Professor Croft
resigned his position in the M.E.
Department last June to become head
of the Mechanical Engineering De
partment at the University of lowa.
"Washington was a member of the
California Engineering class of 1921
but left in 1920 to enter M.I.T. He
graduated from the latter place in
1922 with a B.S. in Engineering. At
California he was a member of Tau
Beta Pi, National Honorary Mechani
cal Engineering Fraternity. Professor
Washington wil! give a series of lec
tures. Since leaving M.I.T. in 1922,
Professor Washington has taught in
the Engineering S< liools of Minnesota
and Lehigh and has also been en
gaged in active practice. At Stanford
he will give a series of lectures in
heat transmission and will have an
associate professorship in the Mech
anical Engineering laboratory.
