# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
University authorities came out in
support of the Palo Alto city council
and the Peninsuftir Railway regarding
the substitution of bus service for the
trolley system.
