# Untitled Article
## 
### 
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
July 14 Stanford was visited by a
university on wheels, a real "Motor
Collego" from Salisbury, North Caro
lina, composed of six buses and thir
teen private cars, a diner, 110 stu
dents and teachers.
