# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
A flourishing business was reported
by the Stanford Fire Department dur
ing July, including a record of ten
grass fires in two weeks. Chief R. E.
Dugan declared that this fire damage
was all due to the evils of smoking.
