# SENATE HEARS STORY OF SHEARER'S JOB AT GENEVA NAVAL MEET
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30. (/P)— Ag
gressive and voluble, William B.
Shearer, the $25,000 "observer" for
American shipbuilders at the unsuc
cessful 1927 naval conference at
Geneva, told the Senate investigating
committee today his job was "to get
out the American side of the story."
"The strongest thing I ever said at
Geneva was a treaty of parity or no
treaty; 10,800-ton cruisers with eight
inch guns and no compromise," the
naval propagandist asserted in deny
ing flatly that he had broken up or
claimed to have broken up the Cool
idge parley.
For four hours the one-man torpedo
boat inventory and former night club
promoter of London told his story be
tween sharp exchanges with the Sen
ate investigators. Tomorrow he goes
on to complete the picture of his work
at Geneva and his subsequent quarrel
with the shipbuilders, after which he
filed suit for an additional $25,000.
