# RODGERS MAY RESIGN
## 
### 
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
Hard upon the heels of a disastrous
football season at West Virginia Uni
versity, Head Coach Ira E. Rodgers has
indicated that he may quit the Moun
taineers at the close of next year's foot
ball play.
