# Jolly-Up in Clubhouse Begins Sophomore Week
## 
### 
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
Sophomore Week began last night with
the second sophomore jolly-up of the
quarter, given in the Women's Clubhouse
from seven to eight o'clock. Music was
furnished by Charles Hadenfelt's and
Thomas Muphy's student orchestra.
