# G.A. Burton, '28, Fractures Skull, Suffers Concussion
## 
### 
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
Grant A. Burton, '28, is confined in
the Stanford Hospital in San Fran
cisco with a fractured skull and con
cussion of the brain following an ac
cident on November 18. He will prob
ably have to remain until the end of
the quarter.
Burton continued his classes all last
week, and did not discover the con
cussion until last Saturday. He is a
member of Sigma Nu.
