# DR. BAILEY TO STUDY ENGLISH MANUSCRIPTS
## 
### 
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
Dr. Margery Bailey of the Stanford
English department will engage in re
search work concerning manuscripts in
London during her sabbatical leave. She
expects to visit Germany, France, Eng
land, and Italy, and is planning to spend
Christmas cither in Florence or Nurem
berg.
Professor Bailey is traveling with Mrs.
E. P. Owens, mother of E. Preston
Owens of the English department. They
sent word of their plans from Hamburg,
Germany.
