# Members of Junior Class To Hold Meeting Tonight
## 
### 
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
Junior Class members will meet in the
Little Theatre at 7:30 o'clock tonight to
discuss plans for the year. Directly after
the meeting, officers and committee mem
bers will convene.
