# BIG GAME SPECTATOR COMES FROM SUMATRA
## 
### 
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
The California-Stanford "Big Game,"
perhaps the biggest drawing card in
football, brought one man half way
around the world.
Earl M. Clair, California '20, an in
spector of rubber plantations for an
American rubber company in Sumatra,
ordered his tickets last February, and
called for them the morning of the game.
