# Electrical Engineers Will Hear Malarky at Meeting
## 
### 
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
E. M. Malarky, relay specialist of
the San Francisco branch of the Gen
eral Electrical Company, will speak
on "Relays and Automatic Equip
ment" before an open meeting of the
Stanford branch of the American In
stitute of Electrical Engineers in
Room 283 at 7:30 o'clock tonight.
