# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
The Wisconsin Legislature is con
sidering today a bill to abolish dances
in all educational institutions of the
state.
