# Wisconsin Student Wounded by Thugs.
## 
### 
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
Thugs invaded the University of Wis
consin, at Madison, and fatally wound
ed Edward Schaeffer, a student, who
was accompanying a young woman.
Previously they held up four other
collegians, who offered no resistance.
