# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
Enlargements arc being made on the
indoor basketball court at Encina
gymnasium, which will result in its
being lenthened fifteen feet.
