# Judge Murasky's Postponed.
## 
### 
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
Judge F. J. Murasky's lecture, which
was announced by the social service
committee of the Y. M. C. A. for last
night, was postponed indefinitely, ow
ing to the inability of the speaker to
leave San Francisco at the present
time. Another lecture has been plan
ned fo,r some date shortly after
Thanksgiving, and the lecture by Judge
Murasky will probably not be held un
til next semester.
