# U.S. Superiority Over Japs Scored
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 8 (UP).
—Lieut. Comdr. William Johnston
of Akron, 0., veteran of World War
1 who was wounded nine times
aboard a destroyer in the battle
of the Solomons, today labeled as
propaganda stories that the Ameri
can Marine, man for man, is far
superior to the Japanese soldier.
A medical officer on Guadalcanal,
Johnston said the Jap was "a su
perb physical specimen" and far
better trained than the U.S. fight
ing man. The Japanese have been
underestimated in brains, ability,
coilrage and physical condition,"
