# Bulletin Board
## 
### 
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
QUAD PICTURES of all men's eat
ing clubs and the following wom
en's residences, Manzanita, Mari
posa, Madrono, Oak, and Haw
thorne, will be taken in the~Quad
office tomorrow, Tuesday, and
Wednesday from 9 to 5:30. Wom
en's Conference pictures will be
taken today at 3:15 in Union
Court.
NEWMAN CLUB will meet tonight
at 7:30 downstairs in the Women's
Clubhouse
