# Spanish Society To Show Picture
## 
### 
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
Forsaking the political spirit of
Pan-American cooperation for the
artistic, musical spirit, La Liga de
Canciones, Mexican film, will be
shown Friday evening at 7:30 in the
Education Auditorium. Admission
price for the full-length feature,
which is being sponsored by Sigma
Delta Pi, Spanish Honor Society, is
25 cents.
The film tells the story of a num
ber of music and dance artists from
several Latin - American countries
whf) group together to manage a
large hotel.
Leading the cast is Ramon Armen
god, singer, whose Victor records
are popular among many Stanford
students. Others include the so
called dynamic Latin-American ac
tress, Mapy Cortez, Domingo Soler,
and Fernando Cortes.
Tickets may be purchased from
volunteer sellers in various Spanish
classes and also at the door Friday
evening.
