# JUDGE McCLAIN LECTURES BEFORE MEDICAL SCHOOL.
## 
### 
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
The Senior class of the Stanford
Medical School in San Francisco, con
stituted the audience before which
Judge Emlin McClain, of the Law de
partment. lectured yesterday after
noon. Judge McClain spoke of th.3
relation of physicians to the criminal
law, with special reference to im
proper practice cases, and cases of
expert testimony in homicide.
