# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There is much carelessness ap
parent at Stanford in the treat
ment of visitors by the students.
They are left without chairs and
without books. Often they fail to
catch the thread of the lecturer's
discourse by not having any book.
We should not forget that two ele
ments of culture are hospitality
and courtesy.
There is much carelessness ap
parent at Stanford in the treat
ment of visitors by the students.
They are left without chairs and
without books. Often they fail to
catch the thread of the lecturer's
discourse by not having any book.
We should not forget that two ele
ments of culture are hospitality
and courtesy.
There is much carelessness ap
parent at Stanford in the treat
ment of visitors by the students.
They are left without chairs and
without books. Often they fail to
catch the thread of the lecturer's
discourse by not having any book.
We should not forget that two ele
ments of culture are hospitality
and courtesy.
There is much carelessness ap
parent at Stanford in the treat
ment of visitors by the students.
They are left without chairs and
without books. Often they fail to
catch the thread of the lecturer's
discourse by not having any book.
We should not forget that two ele
ments of culture are hospitality
and courtesy.
