# STANFORD THESPIANS IN PALO ALTO COMEDY
## 
### 
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
David John Stollery, recent Stanford
graduate and campus actor, will play
the leading role of Herbert White, high
pressure publicity director, in "Louder,
Please," three-act comedy by Norman
Krasna, which the Palo Alto Commun
ity Players are producing Thursday,
Friday and Saturday, at the Civic The
atre, Middlefield Road at Melville Ave
nue. The play will be directed by Ralph
Emerson Welles, and settings designed
by Carroll Alexander.
Fritzie Kolster, of New York and Palo
Alto, Stanford sophomore next fall, has
the part of Kathryn Block, an energetic
feminine publicity worker. Other Stan
fordites in the production are: Thomas
Seller, who was seen in the* play read
ing of "The Circle"; Thomas Slattery,
who had a bit part in "The Doctor's
Wife"; and Norris James, who was very
prominent in campus dramatics a few
years ago. The remainder of the cast
includes: Mrs. Twyman O. Abbott, Allen
Lec Emery, Leonard Brown, Shannon
Allen, Jack Whitling, J. Mort Black
burn, George Ad. Dewey, Robert R.
Parkinson, and Miss Yvonne Peattie.
Norman Krasna, one of the most bril
liant of the younger playwrights, has
taken press-agentry for his theme in
Ihis comedy, which is loaded with
laughs and well larded with suspense
and thrilling moments.
