# Woodland Symphony Concerts End Sunday
## 
### 
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
With Jose Iturbi directing the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra at the
Woodland Theatre this Sunday after
noon, the Philharmonic Society's ninth
annual season of open-air concerts in
Hillsborough's charming and pictur
esque little amphitheatre will be
brought to a close.
The opening number will be the
Overture to "Egmont" by Ludwig van
Beethoven. The symphony of the day
will be the same Master's C-Minor,
which is universally known as the Im
mortal "Fifth."
In the second half of the program,
Iturbi will give himself over to inter
preting music written in the modern
idiom, particularly, that of his com
patriots.
The concert will start on Sunday
promptly at 3 o'clock.
