# W.S.C. Strikes For Abolition Of Blue Laws
## 
### 
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
PULLMAN, Wash., May 6 (VP).—
Washington State College students
decided at a mass meeting tonight
to go on a strike tomorrow morn
ing and remain away from classes
until the college administration
does something about abolition of
blue laws and granting more stu
dent and faculty control of campus
affairs.
The strike vote was taken at
the end of a four-hour conference
between student and faculty com
mittees after which the students
reported "nothing definite" was
accomplished.
The students insisted they would
remain away from classes until
demands were met. ,
The students agreed to drop the
strike long enough to permit a
military parade Friday afternoon
when mothers from all parts of the
state will be on thp campus.
