# Interclass Soccer To Begin Monday
## 
### 
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
Interclass soccer championships
will begin next Monday with the
sophomores meeting the frosh. The
following Monday the winner of that
game will take on the juniors.
Captains of the four class teams
are: seniors, J. McCormick; juniors,
Bob Hall; sophomores, Dave Sloane;
frosh, Harry Lowe. The interclass
series will wind up spring soccer
practice until autumn quarter, when
intercollegiate play resumes.
terday, tallied almost exactly name
for name with the Solon's prophe
cies of the day before. Swampum
crashes through!
