# Up for Junior Prexy
## 
### 

NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.


NAMED AS CANDIDATES for junior class president are Tom
Killefer (left) and John Calderwood. Killefer was named last
week by Row sophomores and Calderwood last night at a hall
caucus of the Class of '38.

