# Campus Invited To Jolly-up Tonight
## 
### 
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
An all-University jolly-up. the
sophs' annual offering to thr stu
dent body, will be held tonight in
the Women's Gym at 7 o'clock. Bud
Fisher's orchestra will provide the
music.
Special entertainment is being
prepared, according to Edmund Bar
nett, chairman of the committee in
charge.
