# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
The Japanese Collegiate Association
held a banquet In San Francisco last
evening, at which Professor Krehhiel
and Dean narrows, of the University
df California, were the speakers.
