# Progress Slight in East Prussia.
## 
### 
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
Petrograd, Oct. 7.—Little news has
reached the capital from the scene of
warfare in East Prussia. The Teuton
defending army has been reinforced.
The Russian progress is proceeding
slowly, their original line extending
from Lyck, eighty miles southeast of
Konisgsberg, thence north to Wir
ballen, diretlv on the border line, a
distance of sixty miles, still holds.
