# Mattei's Pitching Defeats Team AA.
## 
### 
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
Tight fielding and Mattei's pitching
won yesterday's game for Team A, of
the A League, by a score of 5-1. The
AA stickmen gleaned only one hit from
Mattei, while the AA pitcher was hit
for many bases, Jeffe.vs making a home
run.
The B Leaguers did not play a game,
spending the afternoon in batting and
fielding practice.
