# Roble Club Hears Lecture on India.
## 
### 
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
Miss Mary Rontley lectured to flic
members of Roble Club last night or
Calcutta, India. She showed the ne
cessity or missionary work in thai
country.
