# "Second Candle of Journalism"
## 
### 
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
Substitution is the life of trade, in
these ultra-modern days of advertising,
for what is successful advertising ex
cept successful substitution? The goods
of the advertiser are substituted for
those of the fellow who trusts to his
own good name, and this is good busi
ness for the progressive firm.
For the convenience of the general
public the firms of this district most
active in the laudable work of substi
tution are listed in another column.
This classification should be appre
ciated, for it's purpose is to help in the
substituting of knowledge of invest
ment for mere thrift and close buying.
Our advertisers are honorable in their
dealing, the lying in these columns
would hardly be more than a chemical
trace. Keep the list for .reference —
these firms are out for business, and
they have something to back up their
claims.
