# VARIED FUN VEHICLES PROMISED BY SOPHOMORES
## 
### 
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
Stunts, dances, and eats will all be
featured at the sophomore jolly-up Fri
day evening. Besides the entertainment
planned for the supper dance interval,
several original stunts will be run in
between the dances.
Although a program of progressive
dances has been planned, the commit
tee announces that two-steps and
waltzes will also be in favor.
The usual fifty cents admission will
be charged, but the payment of class
dues will not be demanded at the door.
