# Untitled Article
## 
### 
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
England has had thirty thousand
carrier pigeons plaecd at the dlsposnl
of tho government by homing pigeon
soeieties in Birmingham. They are to
he used in the national mail system
