# THOUSANDS AWAIT SALE OF WORLD'S SERIES TICKETS
## 
### 
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
TTnttorl Press Telegraphic Report
Philadelphia, Oct. 7. —Tickets to the
first game of the world's 'series, to
commence between the Philadelphia
\thletics and the Boston Braves next
Friday afternoon, were put on sale this
morning
Three thousand men stood up in a
long line extending for several blocks,
despite the intermittent drizzle. Tt is
estimated that three-quarters of those
iu lino were bona fide fans, but the re
mainder to he agents of tieket sealp
ers. Each purchaser is entitled to buy
two tiekets.
