# Dame Seminars Are Scheduled
## 
### 
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
Polish, Portuguese. Mallorcan,
and Scottish Country dancing are
planned for Stanford's fall pro
gram of international folk dance
seminars.
The dances of Poland, taught
by Sophie Rudnicki. are scheduled
for next Monday. On Nov. 4 and
11, Madelynne Greene will teach
the dances of Portugal and Mai
lorca.
Scottish Country Dance, led by
C. Stewart Smith, will be given
Nov. 18 and 25.
All sessions are from 7:30 to
9:30 p.m. in the Dance Studio of
the Women's Gymnasium and the
seminars are sponsored by Stan
ford's Department of Physical
Education for Women. Registra
tion information may be obtained
from Prof. Miriam Lidster.
Single admission will be al
lowed only for the first evening
of a country.
