# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.

ASUC photo
BRUTAL BEAR—End Jim Carmichael, rated the b6st all-around
football player on Pappy Waldorf's grid eleven this year, is in
his second season as a regular for the Bears. A very strong
defensive player, Carmichael is the second best receiver in
California history.
