# TOW GLIDER OVER SEA
## 
### 
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
LONDON, April 5 (A 3 ). —The first
glider to be towed across the Eng
lish Channel, a possible forerunner
of aerial trains, arrived in London
from Ostend this afternoon with
Joan Meakin, 23-year-old English
girl, at the helm.
