# Out for Governor
## 
### 

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)

Charles G. Johnson, state treas
urer, has announced his candidacy
for the republican romination for
governor of California. (Associated
Press Photo)
