# RESCUERS DELAYED
## 
### 
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
NOME, Alaska, April 5 (/P). —Pi-
lot M. T. Setneff and mechanic Bill
Lavery, of the second Soviet relief
plane, attempting rescue of 89 Rus
sians marooned on the icepack of
the Bering Sea, wirelessed today
that bad weather held them at Cape
Eglin and that they must await
better conditions before attempting
to continue to Cape Van Karen
where the other relief plane awaits
them.
