# THREE DIE IN $250,000 TEXAS HOTEL FIRE
## 
### 

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)

Three died and many were injured in the spectacular midnight blaze that ra/.ed the beautiful three-sto
Longview, Texas, hotel. Most of the injuries were caused by guests jumping from the blazing structure befc
firemen could go to their rescue. (Associated Press Photo)
