# Naval Chief Defends Stand Taken Against Modernizing
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
WASHINGTON, April 5 (/I 3 ). —
Admiral William H. Standley, chief
of naval operations, said today his
opposition to modernization of the
battleships Tennessee and California
was '"simply a plain business propo
sition."
"These vessels are two of the lat
est types of our battleships, being
only about 13 years old and any
general modernization is not war
ranted by their condition," he ex
plained.
"It seems useless to me to spend
$20,000,000 on them now for mod
ernization when, at the 1939 naval
conference, there is a possibility of
a modification in the battleship pro
gram.
"For instance, if there were an
agreement involving the replace
ment of battleships, it would be far
better to build twn new such ves
cels than modernize three old ones—
the cost being about the same for
either operation."
