# HERE'S A HINT FOR SWIMMERS
## 
### 

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)

Repetition is anything but monotonous in this case. Evelyn Kelly
and Lou Sheridan. New York show girls, are modeling a very modish
pair of bathing costumes made of printed jersey in a gay design of
green and white. (Associated Press Photo)
