# Committee Calls Carless Day Poor
## 
### 
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
That yesterday's "Car-less Wed
nesday" was not up to the Stanford
standard was the verdict of the con
sumer committee, which stilted that
"it was not as good as we had
hoped it would be."
The committee declared that they
did not plan to make a big pub
licity campaign before every "Car
less Wednesday" but believed it
should become another Stanford j
tradition, a campus institution and a
regular habit for both students and
professors.
Dodie Crile and George Hellyer, !
co-chairmen, also emphasized that
conservation of tires and gasoline
should be practiced every day of
the week. Through co-operative
driving and doing all errands at
once, everyone could eliminate un
necessary wear on their cars, they
said.
