# TUITION NOTES DUE
## 
### 
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
Applications and renewals of tui
tion notes for summer and fall quar
ters must be made by tomorrow af
ternoon, according to announce
ments from the Dean of Men's and
Dean of Women's offices.
