# PULP SHORTAGE AVERTED
## 
### 
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
SEATTLE, May 6 (UP).—Ossian
Anderson, president of the Puget
Sound Pulp and Timber Company,
today said a serious wocsd-pulp
shortage which had threatened the
United States only a few months ago
appears to have been averted.
