# DAMES TO MEET
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
garden party today at 2 p.m. at
the home of Mrs. L. R, Blinks, 955
Roble Ridge.
