# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
THE
TYPEWRITER
SHOP
Tel. 231 14 317 Univ. Ave.
Typing, Thesis, Term Papers,
etc. New and rebuilt typewrit
ers. Portables sold as low as
10c a day. Your old machine
taken in as part payment. We
will buy your old machine for
cash.
STUDENTS RENTALS
SOLICITED
