# He Scored Twice
## 
### 

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.

Leo Heagerty, varsity catcher,
scored twice yesterday while his
battery - mate, Spike Furman,
pitched the Indians to an 8-3 vic
tory over Cal Saturday.
