# Farm Leaders Present Their Peace Views
## Larry Rouble and Jackie Brown Give Opinions On Student Action 
### 
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
This is the last Daily peace sym
posium by campus student leaders
before the Peace Assembly Thurs
day. The question is, appropriate
ly enough: Are peace agitations
futile? The affirmative is taken
by Larry Rouble, the negative by
Jackie Brown.
