# Adv. 12 Page 7
## 
### 
boy on Stanford campus. 1 or 2
evenings per week. Weekends a
plus. $15/ hr. 650-326-7224
N. Los Altos childcare for
easy-goinq, fun 17 month old
toddler girl M,T, TH 9:30-3:00.
Dates/times can be flexible.
References required
(650)383-5026
Sitter 2 days/wk in campus home
2 kids: 3 & 1; chwest@gmail.com
Seek Stanford student, undergrad
or graduate student, for fun,
flexible childcare. Pick up 13
year old daughter after school
3-4 days per week, fix snack
start homework and keep company
for 2 to 3 hours. Some driving
to soccer may be required. We
supply car. $22/ hour
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing occasional child
care on evenings and weekends.
Please call (650)723-2660.
Occasional afternoon and evening
babysitting for two kids age
6,12. Its a plus if you like
Legos and Mr Bean. $20/ hr.
email jdpaloalto@pacbell.net
English teacher seeks sweet and
very responsible student to pick
up 9-yr-old from school 2-3 days
a week. Close to campus. Pis.
e-mail Ljranderson@aol.com.
References required.
Sweet, active, inquisitive Menlo
Park brothers ages 4,7 & 9 seek
engaging, creative part-time
sitter/nanny for after-school (&
1 evening) hours of board games,
books, sports, & walks to nearby
Burgess Park. Special education
experience a plus (but optional)
Great pay. tcm@cs.cmu.edu
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6pm.
Need car/CDL/clean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
boy on Stanford campus. 1 or 2
evenings per week. Weekends a
plus. $15/ hr. 650-326-7224
N. Los Altos childcare for
easy-goinq, fun 17 month old
toddler girl M,T, TH 9:30-3:00.
Dates/times can be flexible.
References required
(650)383-5026
Sitter 2 days/wk in campus home
2 kids: 3 & 1; chwest@gmail.com
Seek Stanford student, undergrad
or graduate student, for fun,
flexible childcare. Pick up 13
year old daughter after school
3-4 days per week, fix snack
start homework and keep company
for 2 to 3 hours. Some driving
to soccer may be required. We
supply car. $22/ hour
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing occasional child
care on evenings and weekends.
Please call (650)723-2660.
Occasional afternoon and evening
babysitting for two kids age
6,12. Its a plus if you like
Legos and Mr Bean. $20/ hr.
email jdpaloalto@pacbell.net
English teacher seeks sweet and
very responsible student to pick
up 9-yr-old from school 2-3 days
a week. Close to campus. Pis.
e-mail Ljranderson@aol.com.
References required.
Sweet, active, inquisitive Menlo
Park brothers ages 4,7 & 9 seek
engaging, creative part-time
sitter/nanny for after-school (&
1 evening) hours of board games,
books, sports, & walks to nearby
Burgess Park. Special education
experience a plus (but optional)
Great pay. tcm@cs.cmu.edu
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6pm.
Need car/CDL/clean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
boy on Stanford campus. 1 or 2
evenings per week. Weekends a
plus. $15/ hr. 650-326-7224
N. Los Altos childcare for
easy-goinq, fun 17 month old
toddler girl M,T, TH 9:30-3:00.
Dates/times can be flexible.
References required
(650)383-5026
Sitter 2 days/wk in campus home
2 kids: 3 & 1; chwest@gmail.com
Seek Stanford student, undergrad
or graduate student, for fun,
flexible childcare. Pick up 13
year old daughter after school
3-4 days per week, fix snack
start homework and keep company
for 2 to 3 hours. Some driving
to soccer may be required. We
supply car. $22/ hour
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing occasional child
care on evenings and weekends.
Please call (650)723-2660.
Occasional afternoon and evening
babysitting for two kids age
6,12. Its a plus if you like
Legos and Mr Bean. $20/ hr.
email jdpaloalto@pacbell.net
English teacher seeks sweet and
very responsible student to pick
up 9-yr-old from school 2-3 days
a week. Close to campus. Pis.
e-mail Ljranderson@aol.com.
References required.
Sweet, active, inquisitive Menlo
Park brothers ages 4,7 & 9 seek
engaging, creative part-time
sitter/nanny for after-school (&
1 evening) hours of board games,
books, sports, & walks to nearby
Burgess Park. Special education
experience a plus (but optional)
Great pay. tcm@cs.cmu.edu
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6pm.
Need car/CDL/clean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
boy on Stanford campus. 1 or 2
evenings per week. Weekends a
plus. $15/ hr. 650-326-7224
N. Los Altos childcare for
easy-goinq, fun 17 month old
toddler girl M,T, TH 9:30-3:00.
Dates/times can be flexible.
References required
(650)383-5026
Sitter 2 days/wk in campus home
2 kids: 3 & 1; chwest@gmail.com
Seek Stanford student, undergrad
or graduate student, for fun,
flexible childcare. Pick up 13
year old daughter after school
3-4 days per week, fix snack
start homework and keep company
for 2 to 3 hours. Some driving
to soccer may be required. We
supply car. $22/ hour
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing occasional child
care on evenings and weekends.
Please call (650)723-2660.
Occasional afternoon and evening
babysitting for two kids age
6,12. Its a plus if you like
Legos and Mr Bean. $20/ hr.
email jdpaloalto@pacbell.net
English teacher seeks sweet and
very responsible student to pick
up 9-yr-old from school 2-3 days
a week. Close to campus. Pis.
e-mail Ljranderson@aol.com.
References required.
Sweet, active, inquisitive Menlo
Park brothers ages 4,7 & 9 seek
engaging, creative part-time
sitter/nanny for after-school (&
1 evening) hours of board games,
books, sports, & walks to nearby
Burgess Park. Special education
experience a plus (but optional)
Great pay. tcm@cs.cmu.edu
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6pm.
Need car/CDL/clean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
boy on Stanford campus. 1 or 2
evenings per week. Weekends a
plus. $15/ hr. 650-326-7224
N. Los Altos childcare for
easy-goinq, fun 17 month old
toddler girl M,T, TH 9:30-3:00.
Dates/times can be flexible.
References required
(650)383-5026
Sitter 2 days/wk in campus home
2 kids: 3 & 1; chwest@gmail.com
Seek Stanford student, undergrad
or graduate student, for fun,
flexible childcare. Pick up 13
year old daughter after school
3-4 days per week, fix snack
start homework and keep company
for 2 to 3 hours. Some driving
to soccer may be required. We
supply car. $22/ hour
Stanford's Work Life Office is
looking for students interested
in providing occasional child
care on evenings and weekends.
Please call (650)723-2660.
Occasional afternoon and evening
babysitting for two kids age
6,12. Its a plus if you like
Legos and Mr Bean. $20/ hr.
email jdpaloalto@pacbell.net
English teacher seeks sweet and
very responsible student to pick
up 9-yr-old from school 2-3 days
a week. Close to campus. Pis.
e-mail Ljranderson@aol.com.
References required.
Sweet, active, inquisitive Menlo
Park brothers ages 4,7 & 9 seek
engaging, creative part-time
sitter/nanny for after-school (&
1 evening) hours of board games,
books, sports, & walks to nearby
Burgess Park. Special education
experience a plus (but optional)
Great pay. tcm@cs.cmu.edu
Nanny/driver for Stnfd family
B+ll yo, Mon/Thurs 2:30-6pm.
Need car/CDL/clean record/refs
lindafresco@hotmail.com
COMPUTER PROGRAMS: Do you have a
unique undiscovered computer
program/software? Or, would you
be interested in developing one?
A private investor is looking
for a quality computer programmer
/software developer to create &
develop a business applications
program/software. This could be
a brand new technology or a spin
off of something currently in
the market. To discuss this
possibility further please email
