# Fourth Varsity to Play
## 
### 
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
A picked fifteen from Bill Fletcher's
peanut league squad will line up
against Lowell high school tomorrow
afternoon at 4:30 on the Stanford turf.
The contest should result in a close
score, as both teams are very evenly
matched. Last Wednesday the fresh
man aggregation piled up a 16 to 0
count on the preparatory school play
ers. Fletcher states that the line-up
of the fourth varsity is problematical
since it cannot be definitely selected
until the outside men show up on the
field.
