# Adv. 12 Page 5
## 
### 
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
SICK OF
TYPSNG ERRORS?
SPELLright has instant
correction strip built
into ribbon. $3, plus
tax. State make and
model of typewriter.
Box 819
Sun Valley CA 91352
