# Lindsay To Speak
## 
### 
STANFORD - Mayor John
V. Lindsay of New York City
will speak on the Stanford
University campus Thursday,
April 2.
The talk, in Memorial
Church at 5 p.m., is open to
the public, according to J.
Thomas Bacchetti, director of
public events. Lindsay's
appearance on the campus is
sponsored by the Office of
Public Events, the provost's
office, and the Law School
(after his public address, he
will have a closed meeting with
law students).
! Lindsay, New York City's
1 103 rd mayor, has just begun his

second term. After receiving
his A.B. at Yale in three years,
he served during World War II
as a gunnery officer on a
destroyer in the Mediterranean
and the Pacific. He then
returned to Yale Law School,
where he earned his LI.B. in
1948.
He was an executive
assistant to Atty. Gen. Herbert
Brownell, and later served
three terms as a congressman
from Manhattan, during which
time he was a strong advocate
of civil rights, urban renewal,
and pollution control
legislation. He was elected to
his first term as mayor in 1965.
