# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The fall training on the track is
not being as industriously attended
to by some of our athletes as is de
sirable. It is true that several of
the good men of last year are train
ing conscientiously, and they are to
be con)mended for their action. It
is well for the old men to get out
and set a good example for the new
ones who expect to try for places in
the events next year. The new
possibles should be encouraged by
everyone to get out for the fall
work. This preliminary training,
though it is not preparation for an
immediate contest, is of the greatest
benefit. It enables the men to get
their stride, become accustomed to
the work, and not least of all, puts
them in good condition for the hard

training it will be necessary to un
dergo in the spring.
Berkeley hits always realized the
advantage of fall training and at
present has a good sized squad at
work on the cinder path and in the
field. Our track has recently been
put in good order, every facility is
offered, and there is no reason why
we should not follow the example
set by our rival.
