# Schedule.
## 
### 
Monday.
E. E. Club meets in room quad
at 7 :10.
Tuesday.
University women meet to discuss
plans for the maintenance of
women's headquarters, room 28
quad, 12:80 p.m.
Band practice in Encina gymnas
ium at 4 p.m.
Rehearsal of "Macbeths of Berke
ley" in room 33 at 7 o'clock.
Lecture, ''An old-fashioned jour
nalist," Dr. 0. L. Elliott.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad at 7:30.
Thursday.
Banjo Club, room 22 Encina at 7
p.m.
Monday.
E. E. Club meets in room quad
at 7 :10.
Tuesday.
University women meet to discuss
plans for the maintenance of
women's headquarters, room 28
quad, 12:80 p.m.
Band practice in Encina gymnas
ium at 4 p.m.
Rehearsal of "Macbeths of Berke
ley" in room 33 at 7 o'clock.
Lecture, ''An old-fashioned jour
nalist," Dr. 0. L. Elliott.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad at 7:30.
Thursday.
Banjo Club, room 22 Encina at 7
p.m.
Monday.
E. E. Club meets in room quad
at 7 :10.
Tuesday.
University women meet to discuss
plans for the maintenance of
women's headquarters, room 28
quad, 12:80 p.m.
Band practice in Encina gymnas
ium at 4 p.m.
Rehearsal of "Macbeths of Berke
ley" in room 33 at 7 o'clock.
Lecture, ''An old-fashioned jour
nalist," Dr. 0. L. Elliott.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad at 7:30.
Thursday.
Banjo Club, room 22 Encina at 7
p.m.
Monday.
E. E. Club meets in room quad
at 7 :10.
Tuesday.
University women meet to discuss
plans for the maintenance of
women's headquarters, room 28
quad, 12:80 p.m.
Band practice in Encina gymnas
ium at 4 p.m.
Rehearsal of "Macbeths of Berke
ley" in room 33 at 7 o'clock.
Lecture, ''An old-fashioned jour
nalist," Dr. 0. L. Elliott.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad at 7:30.
Thursday.
Banjo Club, room 22 Encina at 7
p.m.
Monday.
E. E. Club meets in room quad
at 7 :10.
Tuesday.
University women meet to discuss
plans for the maintenance of
women's headquarters, room 28
quad, 12:80 p.m.
Band practice in Encina gymnas
ium at 4 p.m.
Rehearsal of "Macbeths of Berke
ley" in room 33 at 7 o'clock.
Lecture, ''An old-fashioned jour
nalist," Dr. 0. L. Elliott.
Executive Committee meets, room
11 quad at 7:30.
Thursday.
Banjo Club, room 22 Encina at 7
p.m.
