# APTITUDE TEST REPEATED
## 
### 
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
Professional Aptitude Test will be
repeated on Feb. 2. 1948. for Medi
cal School applicants who have not
taken it previously. Application for
the test must be made before noon
Saturday with Miss Bernice Ewell,
room 164H of the Administration
Building.
