# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
Deadline for "Once Around tin
Quad" items is .'I p.m. of the day
before publication.
