# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
Vf\l I s^ou know
these men—
Their names arc
Naglce and Wallacc
and they may hold the key
to your
FUTURE FINANCIAL
SUCCESS!
CALL OR WRITE
|oc Nagl ec and
Ralph Wallace •
2615 Cowpcr Sr. DA2-3067
Palo Alto
Representing
NEW YORK LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANY
■■
