# Directors of SRI To Give Luncheon
## 
### 
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
Dr. Vannevar Bush, president of
Carnegie Institution of Washington,
will discuss the contribution of sci
ence to world progress at a lunch
eon given in Los Angeles today by
the board of directors of Stanford
Research Institute.
The affair will be held in the
Golden State Room of the Statler
Hotel.
Appearing on the program with
Dr. Bush will be Dr. J. E. Wallace
Sterling, president of Stanford Uni
versity and chairman of the Insti
tute's board, and Dr. J. E. Hobson,
SRl's director.
