# PCC SCORING
## 
### 
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
Washington Slate forward Tton
Bennink It-ads tlx Northern Divi
sion PCC seorin; with 84 points, an
average of 21 point per game.
