# NEW ISSUE OF WAR STAMPS IS ON SALE
## 
### 
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
The sale of the new series 1919 War
Savings Stamps at the Palo Alto post
ofTiee has amounted to only $11546.75,
for the first twenty-nine days of Jan
uary. This is less than half the sale
of the 1918 series for the smallest
month, December, 1917, totaling
$2738.78.
The drop is ascribed to the loss of
interest after the war ended. Two
hundred war stamps can be bought
this month at the postoffice or banks,
or other agencies at $4.12 each, total
$824, these stamps being worth $1000
January 1, 1924. Persons who bought
the limit of $1000, maturity value, of
the first series, are permitted under
the law to buy the same limit under
the new series.
