# STANFORD MEMORIAL IS PLAN PROPOSED BY COMMITTEE OF 50
## RECOGNITION OF SERVICE Co-operation to Make 1919 Commencement Week a Home-Coming Event 
### 
In recognition of war service ren
dered by Stanford men and women, and
to take action toward providing a per
manent memorial to the service and
sacrifice of Stanford—a memorial wor
thy of the high service and great sacri
fices, and commensurate in dignity and
importance with the greatness of the
event it commemorates, a committee of
fifty, composed of faculty and local
alumni and headed by Dr. J. M. Still
man, has been instituted by authority
of the President of the University to
mature and execute plans for such me
morial. When some plan has been ap
proved by this committee and endorsed
by the President and Trustees of the
I niversity, local campaign committees
will be established in all localities
where former Stanford students are
resident.
Some 3,000 of Stanford men wore the
uniform of army or navy in the war.
Hundreds of others—men and women,
faculty, alumni and students—were in
government service in various civilian
employments connected with the prose
cution of the war. More than 'sixty
have laid down their lives in field or
camp.
"It seems safe to predict," says Dr.
Stillman, judging by the attitude of
those who thus far have expressed a
sentiment that this campaign will call
for and should receive the most enthusi
astic support that lias been thus far
given to any Stanford enterprise. If
the memorial structure, whatever it may
be, is worthy of the event and the occa
sion, it should be something to com
mand respect and to do honor to the
University as to the service it commem
orates for all time. My own hope is
that as it commemorates high service,
this monument shall also be a thing of
service in itself. It is very manifest
that if this memorial is to be what it
should be, we shall need not only the
