# Sr. Happy Hour At L'Omelette
## 
### 
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
Senior Happy Hour will he held
today at L'Ommie's from 4 to 6
p.m., with entertainment provided
by "the Three Betas and a Fiji,"
playing Kingston Trio-type mu
sic. Seniors only are invited.
