# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
Quad Angles from
Joseph Magnin
%
Bouffant Petticoats
SPECIAL
. 4.85 !
regularly much higher, these beau
tiful bargains in nylon marquisette
are available in white, pink, blue
or maize with lace edging, small,
medium, and largo, all sales final,
sorry, no mail, phone, c.o.d. orders
or deliveries.
lingerie
Joseph ALignin
Stanford topping
