# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
GOLIATH
Fuel Injection
Newest in German economy
cars—4o mpg—style—com
fort—front-wheel drive.
Parker Motor Co.
623 Alma Palo Alto
