# Visitor to Lecture On Japanese Art
## 
### 
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
Professor K. Mori, head of the
Department of History at Tokyo
Municipal University in Japan,
will show slides and lecture
through an interpreter on Japa
nese art objects and historical
monuments this afternoon at 4
on the 12th floor of Hoover Tow
er.
