# ALUMNUS GETS POST
## 
### 
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
Raymond C. Perry, '26, was re
cently appointed chief of the Divi
sion of Credentials, State Depart
ment of Education. He was gradu
ated from Stanford with an A.B. in
physics and a junior high school
credential.
