# Symphony to Play New Harris Work
## 
### 
Friday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
and Saturday night, at 8:30 o'clock
the San Francisco Symphony will
present a varied program conducted
by Pierre Monteux in the San
Francisco opera house.
Tho first San Francisco perform
ance of Roy Harris' Symphony No. 3
will be presented. Also offered are
Haydn's "La Reine" symphony, with
which the program opens, and Rich
ard Strauss' "Thus Spake Zarath
ustra," and "Dance of the Seven
Veils" from the opera "Salome."
The next pair of concerts will be
given next Friday afternoon and
Saturday night, Feb. 7 and 8, when
Sergei Rachmaninoff will be the
guest soloist, making the first of his
two guest appearances with the or
chestra.
