# Cuadro Cagers Swamped. 94-9, By Frirehouse
## 
### 
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
Piling up the season's largest
score, the Firehouse decisively
smashed El Cuadro, 94-9, in last
night's intramural highlight. Kai
Larsen, Firehouse forward, copped
individual scoring honors for the
year by tallying 42 points, nosing
ahead of the 38-point mark pre
viously set by Lew Reese of the Al
pha Delts. Monte Pfyl of the Fire
house was second highest scorer in
the evening's games, with 25 points.
Phi Psi I did a small scale "Fire
house" by steamrolling over the
Theta Delts, 42-9. Scoring honors
were well distributed, although Bob
Ditlevsen, football end, sank six
baskets.
The closest game of the night, in
actual score, was that between the
Phi Delts and Breakers I. The final
score was Phi Delts 17, Breakers I,
IG.
Encina 4E edged out Encina lE,
2G-22, in an overtime period. De
spite the offensive talents of Harry
Reichling, Encina IE forward, IE
was not able to crack the 4E de
fense.
Alpha Delts sneaked ahead of
Business School 11, 20-17. Alpha
Delts claimed individual high-point
honors for the game.
Encina 2E took an undisputed win
from Encina Bullpen by riding over
them, 26-10. John Kenward, frosh
footballer, accounted for ten of the
winning points.
No games are l scheduled until
Tuesday of next week. The com
plete schedule will be announced in
Monday's Daily.
