# Australia Locale Of Evening Abroad
## 
### 
Stanford's Australian commu
nity wishes it known that "Tie Me
Kangaroo Down, Sport" will defi
nitely not be sung at the forth
coming Australian Evening
Abroad to be held this Saturday
at the International Center at 8
p.m.
Said a spokesman for the group:
"We want to project a new im
age." It is anybody's guess what
this might be. Other folk songs
will apparently be sung, in spile
of the ban on "Sport." As well as
songs, ihe folk will screen films
on the Antarctic, play the digeri
doo, which is sort of an Aborigi
nal commentary on American-
Australian relations, which are
cordial, bordering on friendly.
Slides, supper, and dancing held
at regular intervals. Everyone is
welcome, including Americans.
