# Diversions
## WHITE PLAZA WATCH 
### 
The naughty issue

n- what's the best way to torture someone you really, really hate?


"Pull out their finger
nails, kick them on
the balls and throw
them on the ground."


"Put him in lots of
email mailing lists."


"Read them Tolstoy
all night."


"Subject them to your
constant presence 20
hours a day/ 7


"Killing their children
and everybody
around them that
they love/'
The naughty issue

n- what's the best way to torture someone you really, really hate?


"Pull out their finger
nails, kick them on
the balls and throw
them on the ground."


"Put him in lots of
email mailing lists."


"Read them Tolstoy
all night."


"Subject them to your
constant presence 20
hours a day/ 7


"Killing their children
and everybody
around them that
they love/'
The naughty issue

n- what's the best way to torture someone you really, really hate?


"Pull out their finger
nails, kick them on
the balls and throw
them on the ground."


"Put him in lots of
email mailing lists."


"Read them Tolstoy
all night."


"Subject them to your
constant presence 20
hours a day/ 7


"Killing their children
and everybody
around them that
they love/'
The naughty issue

n- what's the best way to torture someone you really, really hate?


"Pull out their finger
nails, kick them on
the balls and throw
them on the ground."


"Put him in lots of
email mailing lists."


"Read them Tolstoy
all night."


"Subject them to your
constant presence 20
hours a day/ 7


"Killing their children
and everybody
around them that
they love/'
The naughty issue

n- what's the best way to torture someone you really, really hate?


"Pull out their finger
nails, kick them on
the balls and throw
them on the ground."


"Put him in lots of
email mailing lists."


"Read them Tolstoy
all night."


"Subject them to your
constant presence 20
hours a day/ 7


"Killing their children
and everybody
around them that
they love/'
