# First Rowing Race on New Olympic Course
## 
### 

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.

Finish of (lie first actual rowing nice ever hold on Hie now Olympic games course at Long Reach, Calif., where
rowing events oL' the international Raines will he hold. The San Diego Rowing club defeated the Los Angeles Rowing
club.
