# B.A.C. OPENS SALE OF TICKETS FOR LOCAL OLYMPICS
## 
### 
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
Tickets will be sold at popular
prices for lite final American
Olympic tryouts and the A.A.U.
National Track and Field Cham
pionships to he held in the Stan
ford Stadium Friday and Satur
day, July 15 and J6. On Friday,
the day of the trials, the admis
sion will be 50 cents, and tickets
for the finals on Saturday will be
$1.50. plus ten per cent govern
ment tax.
Tickets may be procured at the
B.A.C. office and in San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Berkeley, and
peninsula agencies this week, and
in the Stadium on the day of the
meet. As there will be no re
served seats either day, Alfred R.
Masters, general manager of the
Stanford Board of Athletic Con
trol, who is in charge of the meet,
recommends an early purchase of
tickets to avoid standing in line.
