# DOCTORATE CANDIDATES NOTICE
## 
### 
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
Candidates for the doctorate with a
major or minor in Education, who are
ready for faculty conferences in the
Summer School Quarter, 1932, are re
quested to report to the office of the
School of Education by July 15.
