# Untitled Article
## 
### 

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.

EVERETT DEAN, basketball
coach, who will appear at the
rally today.
