# Two Contest Entries Win Honorable Mention
## 
### 
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
Two entries in the Rally Oijn
song and yell contest received
honorable mention and considera
tion in the final judgment, Chair
man Patty Whittemore announced
last night.
Winners of this mention were
Barbara Carter and Marl ha
Schwimley for their song "Model
T" (words and music original) and
Robert Gardner for his BIG
CHIEF yell.
