# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
BEAR CUB
A household pet furry
cross-strap scuff made
of Teddy Bear fabric.
In white, pink or blue.
$1.95
S^voxXS"
174 University Ave.
Cood Shoes Since 1 893
