# "SOUTH AMERICA," TOPIC TOMORROW
## 
### 
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
A breath of the South American con
tinent will be brought to Stanford on
Tuesday evening when Miss Annie S.
Peck will address students and fac
ulty in the Little Theater. Miss Peck
has the distinction of having reached
the highest mountain point in South
America yet reached by an American.
Besides that she is well known as an
authoress and lecturer. It is only a
short time since she returned to the
United States from her sixth visit to
South America. Not only has she
climber mountains and studied nature,
but she has also spent much ' time
gathering information about the in
dustrial conditions of that continent,
the results of which she will lecture
on here Tuesday evening. It will be
a splendid opportunity to learn some
thing about a country which, near
though it is, is little known to most
people of the United States.
