# Event Calendar
## 
### 
Fri 4/11
Steve Kimock Band â€” Soulive
You sec what, they did here was
put together the words "soul"
and "live." Neat. The Fillmore,
SF. $28.50,9 p.m.
Foo Fighters
One-by-one, they sing their
songs. On to the next one!
Henry J. Kaiser Arena, Oak
land. $27.50,7:30 p.m.
Sat 4112
Tori Amos
Everyone's favorite weird alter
native chanteuse is coming to
town. Bring your Clifsnotes. San
Jose Center for the Performing
Arts, $42.50,8 p.m.

Sun 4/13
Trio Voronezh
Three Russian guys from the
Voronezh conservatory play a
program of classical music and
traditional folkmusic. Brought
to you by Lively Arts. Dinkel
spiel, $34/30,2:30 p.m.
KeUy Oshourne
No, you shut up. When will the
Osbournes realize we're soooo
sick of them? The Fillmore, SF.
$20,8 p.m.
