# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
Ventura Hall announces the en
gagement of Patricia Marks
graduate English, to John P. Has
mussen, graduate history, Ter
man Hall.
