# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
EVERY TIME
wc give six bucks worth
of records with an RCA
45 player we've made
another heart happy.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
