# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
Stanford Crew and Auxiliary will
not meet, tonight as announced in
yesterday's Daily.
