# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Charlotte Craig, '52,
to Dick Aseltine, '50, AKL.
