# Reduction to Season Ticket Holders
## 
### 
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
Season ticket holders will be al
lowed a twenty-five cent reduction on
Saturday's admission price to the
Stanford-Southern All-Stars attrac
tion. A half dollar will he charged
the general public.
